---
title: Day 100... right?
header: Day 100... right?
description: This is the story of how I finally finished this challenge once and for all... Well, yes, but actually...
tags: personal blog storytime linux
permalink: /blog/day-100-actually/
layout: post
date: 2022-02-04 08:52:19 -0600
host: fosstodon.org
username: joel
com_id: 107740322317121506
---

# Finishing the fight?

So, I am finally done with this challenge, I was planning on doing some thoughtful, introspective and long post reflecting on how the impact and life changing moments that happened due to doing this for a whole year. However, a weird feeling got inside my head, *what if missed a day?*, *what if I counted wrong?* I started to have doubts, but all I needed to do to clear them out was run a quick command on my terminal.

```bash
ls *.md | wc -l
```

I have 2 small posts that don't really count at all, I just had to take 2 out whatever the command spitted out, and I would know exactly how many posts I've done. I run this command *almost* weekly, so I thought there was no reason to be worried. *However*, after hitting Enter, this is what I got:

**102**

I decided to check again, there was just now way...

I `curl`'d my website, I used `grep` on the HTML list elementes, piped into another `wc -l`. The response, once again, **102**.


# Betrayal

I finished the challenge *by mistake*?, but *how*? where did it all go wrong? There were only a few possible reasons my count was incorrect, maybe I skipped a number at one point, realized it, and "fixed" the wrong thing, or I probably just counted the same day twice. 

Whatever mistake I had made, it didn't matter, the important thing now was looking for it, but *how do I even find it?* I didn't want to open all of my files and check one by hone. I decided to do a quick search with DuckDuckGo and I found that `grep` once again has a solution for me, by using this useful command:

```bash
grep '#100DaysToOffload' /path/to/_posts/*.md
```

Eureka!, I got a list of all the strings where I've used the hashtag before. I piped it into a file, opened it on vim and read each line carefully, there were some missing days where I did a linebreak, but nothing too hard to check. I was more than halfway through the list, but so far, there was nothing weird. It wasn't until I got to posts made during these last couple of months that *I found it*.

I realized a horrible truth, which made me see the cruelty of this world in a way I didn't want to experience. Despite 90+ posts made and dozens of comments written for a lot of my posts. *Nobody* actually reads them, I have been *betrayed*, how can you guys let me down? **How did you let me say "This is day 95 of" two times straight???** if it wasn't because you guys didn't even notice.

Seriously, *I know I don't write for anyone* but myself, but I thought I had a small *yet* loyal audience, who is quick to point out grammar mistakes and typos. But when it comes to the reason I started this in the first place, none of you notice at all, maybe there was no point to this at all.

# I am done...

With the joke!

Don't worry guys, its not a big deal, if anything, I am annoyed at myself for not noticing, but it also makes for a great final post that makes me stand out a little bit from the competition who only share testimonials of their experiences and such, *how boring...* (*I am joking too!!!*).

I was done, and I didn't even notice it. But you know what? Isn't that the point of this anyway?, to get to a state where you don't write out of pressure or because you are commited to it, but because its part of life, as natural as breathing. 

Writing a post a week, per month, who cares?, as long as I do it because I feel like it, I could keep going, after all, this is just getting started, **it's my year one**, of possibly many, up to how long I get to live I guess. Thank you all so much for this guys.

Well... This is it then. Let's say it one last time, shall we?

This has been day **101** of [#100DaysToOffload](https://100daystooffload.com). Thanks for reading.




{% include reply.html %}
