---
title: Week Notes W51
header: Week Notes W51
description: The year is almost over, and so is this week, here are some notes of how it went for me
tags: weeknotes
redirect_from: /blog/week-notes-w51/
permalink: /blog/2024-w51-weeknotes/
layout: post
date: 2024-12-21 21:36:01 -0600
host: fosstodon.org
username: joel
com_id: 113694748544737994
---

- ✍ I started to write the different recap blog posts for everything that happened in the year, podcasts, manga, books and stuff, I already shared the gaming one!
- 📜 I completed 100 Days To Offload for the 3rd time! It finally happened I guess.
- 🪪 I got my state license for my Mechatronics Engineering degree, this is just an extra requirement that some companies like to ask for, so I decided to have it just in case. 
- 🗒️ Some work projects at work were either pretty much done or paused because of the upcoming holidays and free days, I am so happy I managed to get things done and have a break.
- 🛍 Me and my family went shopping for the holidays, I bought gifts for everyone and got myself a couple of physical books and, and new shoes!

## Gaming
- **Hollow Knight** I did some progress but I didn't really play as much this week, still, got lots of good upgrades.
- **Fire Emblem: The Blazing Sword** I played this just a tiny bit, I don't know why I play it in such short spans of times and then just abandon it again.
- **River City Girls 2** with some friends since it has 4 player co-op mode and so far, so fun!

## Reading
I completed...
- __Caliban's War__ I absolutely loved the second book of the Expanse, the new characters, the world building, the action and the development of the overall plot have been amazing, I really enjoyed it. Will write my review soon.
- __Farewell, Earth's Bliss__ was an older piece of science fiction I decided to read on a whim, because of a YouTube video, this one was quite interesting and thought provoking. It's about a future where criminals or misfits of Earth are sent to Mars, where a new society struggles for survival. It is a bitter life, reflected in multiple characters and points of view, will write a review of this as well.

I read up to...
- Chapter 816 of **Kindgom**, I catched up, against my wishes, but the story was absolutely amazing these past few chapters and I am loving where this is going.
- Chapter 137 of **Frieren**, I also catched up, pretty much. And this new arc has been incredibly thrilling for me as well, I really love these characters interacting, good stuff.


