---
title: Week Notes W52
header: Week Notes W52
description: The final week of this year is upon us, merry christmas, happy holidays, and everything that happened this week
tags: weeknotes
permalink: /blog/2024-w52-weeknotes/
redirect_from: /blog/week-notes-w52/
layout: post
date: 2024-12-28 20:54:39 -0600
host: fosstodon.org
username: joel
com_id: 113733984104978994
---

I have to admit, I didn't want to write two weeknotes in a row, but it was bound to happen given everything going on this week!

- 🎄 Merry Christmas y'all! I went to visit my dad's side of the family at his hometown. Lots of great things happened so I'll list some of them here, some others I'd like to expand as proper posts later if I remember
- 🃏 I played some card and domino games with family! The most popular one was Mexican Train, it was pretty fun, but I admit it's a little long for my liking, I also got Exploding Kittens, which is a shorter card game that we played a couple times, but since we were too many, and players get eliminated over time, we didn't play it much.
- 🏖 We made a short trip to a beach an hour away from there, we went in a truck and we were all on the rear box jumping around given the horrible state of the roads over there, it was fun though, like a roller coaster.
- 👩🏽‍💻 I actually had to work on Monday, but nobody called me and since it was work from home it was like a free day. We made the family trip on Tuesday!
- 🧳 Besides clothing and the basics, I carried my Anbernic RG35XX SP, my Nintendo Switch and my Kobo Clara 2E. I used my Kobo the most, and I didn't even use the Switch, not sure why.
- 🥖 I ate lots of food, sweet bread, jelly, fruit salad, ponche, carne asada, and such, it was to be expected...
- 🛍 Went shopping earlier today and also watched Gladiator 2 on the movies, it was a good time, I kinda wanted to rest after the trip, but the seats in the movie room were comfy.

## Gaming
- __Fire Emblem: The Blazing Sword__: I said last week I play this in short spans of time? Well, not anymore, I played this like 6 hours during my stay at my grandma's house, it was very fun and made lots of progress throughout the story, I still don't let anyone die to be honest, I should at some point.

## Reading

I finished...
- __Roadside Picnic__. A story about how aliens came to the world and left. After _the Visit_, myserious artifacts and phenomena were left behind in areas known as _the Zones_, and the people who go inside it looking for artifacts are known as _stalkers_. This was a really interesting one, pretty philosophical and a little difficult to understand, and yet, gripping and weirdly relatable. I will review this one soon. I already have three reviews to write.

I read up to
- Chapter 90 of __Death Note__: I started this on the 26th, and I'm already almost done with it, I understand how this story gained so much traction and became one of the best among anime and manga. I will probably finish it today after typing this.
- Chapter 224 of __JuJutsu Kaisen__: Lots of twists and turns have been happening, I don't think they make a lot of sense and some of the power system rules have been kinda rewritten for things to happen, but I'm here for it because the action and the stakes are higher than ever and it kind of rules.
- Chapter 176 of __DanDaDan__: This keeps being fantastic as well, some new characters showed up, as well as an interesting antagonist, I am looking forward for how this story keeps unfolding.

This is day of [#100DaysToOffload](https://100daystooffload.com)
