---
title: Week Notes W50
header: Week Notes W50
description: Lots of stuff, secret santa gift exchange, Hollow Knight gaming, reading and whatever
tags: weeknotes
permalink: /blog/2024-w50-weeknotes/
layout: post
date: 2024-12-14 21:46:09 -0600
host: fosstodon.org
username: joel
com_id: 113654881940456608
---

This will be a short one!

- 🎅 For the Secret Santa event at work, I got a book I wanted! *Children of Time*. The party was kinda fun, we rented a mechanical bull to ride, we also got lots of tacos, and I had fun. Didn't drink or anything, and I appreciate not feeling forced to do it by my workmates.
- 📄 I went to do some paperwork this Thursday, since I got a free day, and everything went well! I played a bit on my SP as well! portable gaming ftw.
- 🌐 [Polymaths Social](https://polymaths.social) got out of alpha state, so I just moved my secondary account to it, migrating from the alpha server, you can follow me at [@joel@polymaths.social](https://polymaths.social/@joel).
- 🕹 Against all odds, I have managed to not buy any videogames at all, except for one: [Okami HD](https://www.dekudeals.com/items/okami-hd) was cheap enough, I used Nintendo Gold Coins to buy it, instead of real money! Yay!
- 🎁 As a gift for myself, I got new earbuds, this happened last week but wanted to mention it in my blog somewhere, I might write a review soon, they're the Nothing Ear (a).

## Reading

I read up to...

- Chapter 41 of __Caliban's War__, Avasarala is such a cool character, some callbacks to the previous book have been made which I liked, and some relationships have developed further, I am really digging this so far!
- Chapter 811 of __Kingdom__, the political side of things has developed further now that the latest war arc is over, Shin and his unit are in quite an interesting situation and I am really enjoying the tension building up as well, the ideals and choices of the characters are very interesting.
- Chapter 131 of __Frieren: Beyond Journey's End__. I finally continued the series and the new arc is very very interesting, fun character dynamics and a rather interesting situation going on!
- Chapter 252 of __Blue Lock__. Continued this as well recently, just a soccer match going on, it's fun but not a highlight for now.

## Gaming

I played...

- __Hollow Knight__ was played for like 10 hours this week, that's quite the amount of progress! I got lots of upgrades and found lots of interesting paths to take, I can't even see an end to this game just yet, but I kind of want it to keep going. It is very interesting and challenging.
- __I Was A Teenage Exocolonist__ was played for just under an hour this time, I was hooked on HK, sorry.
- __Solomon's Club__. I went to do some paperwork and didn't want to carry my Switch in public, I found this game on my Anbernic SP and I decided to play it, it is actually rather fun, I think I saw it on a video by [TechDweeb](https://www.youtube.com/@TechDweeb/).
- __Mario vs Donkey Kong__ I played during the Secret Santa party, only for a bit though, still, very fun game, I think I'll keep playing it during those short periods of time, fun puzzles.


This is day 99 of [#100DaysToOffload](https://100daystooffload.com)
