---
title: Limbo
header: Limbo
description: A quick review of a fantastic indie puzzle platformer that is now the first game I completed in 2024.
tags: review gaming short
permalink: /blog/limbo-review/
layout: post
date: 2024-01-03 21:32:20 -0600
host: fosstodon.org
username: joel
com_id: 111695649780120350
image: 'assets/img/blogs/2024-01-03-limbo-cover-art.png'
---

Limbo is one of those games that I have been aware of for ages. One of the first games I kind of wanted to have on my phone in an age where I wasn't really allowed to pay money for mobile games. So, I did what I had to do.

Honestly though, I never really managed to go past the first 5 or 6 puzzles, be it because I forgot or I was into other things back then, or I simply lost interest---it is not the best game to play at school.

Around September of last year, I decided to finally redeem myself, and I acquired the digital version of the game on the Nintendo eShop. Once again, I completed the first 4 or 5 chapters---as the game calls them---and I left it as that. It wasn't until the last day of the year, that I dedicated some more time to it, and until now, January 3rd, when I finally completed it.

{% include img.html image='/assets/img/blogs/2024-01-03-limbo-cover-art.png' caption='Limbo cover art, featuring a little boy being confronted by a big spider creature, hidden in the shadows' %}


This was a fun game! The atmosphere was pretty great all around, and the graphics have not aged one bit. It is a game that still looks amazing today. The animations and the physics are really well done honestly. The music was rather minimal, mostly ambient sounds. However, there were time were it just rised up in a fantastic way, merging with the sounds of the environment around the player, quite awesome!

The puzzles featured in this game are also pretty good, although I don't have a ton of reference to compare it to, I have to say I had to do a couple attempts on many, and even 12 or so in a few of the chapters. Regardless, I always had that feeling of *Eureka!* when I finally got the method.


I watched a documentary on about the development of the game and the many challenges that came with it, and it really gave me a ton of appreciation for this little gem.

I have to say, I can't wait to give a try to the sequel too! Although I may play some other games first just to mix it up some more. But hey, my [backlog](https://backloggd.com/u/joelchrono/games/) has shrunken, right?


This is day 2 of [#100DaysToOffload](https://100daystooffload.com)
{% include reply.html %}
