---
title: Week Notes W48
header: Week Notes W48
description: I finally picked up my games, I am limiting myself to buying more, and other things that happened this week.
tags: weeknotes
redirect_from: /blog/week-notes-w48/
permalink: /blog/2024-w48-weeknotes/
layout: post
date: 2024-11-30 14:10:59 -0600
host: fosstodon.org
username: joel
com_id: 113574182193325042
---

- 🕹 Ok so [I finally got the games](https://fosstodon.org/@joel/113561779088465915) I had to pick-up from my post office. I went to a couple different banks because I couldn't find one that could let me pay the receipt I got from the post office---I ignore why they couldn't, something to do with the number of the account or whatever tax system was used. In the end I managed to pay the tax after asking the post office on which bank to pay it, I finally collected my package and opened it up at home! I now own Ys Origin, Sea of Stars and Chrono Cross!
- 🏖 I had two days of vacation because of Thanksgiving, that's how I could afford to go to the bank, and I was able to just stay at home and clean up a bit of my room, I played some videogames, watched some videos, chatted with friends, sweeped and mopped the floor, among other chores.
- 🤹 The days I worked though, were full of tasks and people wanting to get things done before vacations started. Thankfully, the biggest hurdle I had to deal with was completed on Monday, and the rest were easier to do. I am so happy though, because that task had been delayed for months because of other factors, and I really didn't want to get to it, but in the end it wasn't that bad.
- 📊 I made a spreadsheet of all the games I own, and realized how much money I've spent on the hobbie, going physical has been expensive, but to be honest, with the upcoming rise in prices in the US, it might not have been a terrible decision to buy so much this past year. I realized that I around 48 physical games, of which I've only completed 3. I also have digital games of course, and I've beaten many of them, but I'm still [refraining myself from buying more](/blog/games-to-beat-before-buying-more/) until I beat 5.
- 👕 I got rid of some old shirts and emptied my closet just a little bit, it had been a while since I did my last cleanup, some of those shirts had been with me for almost a decade if I recall correctly, but it was time to let go.
- 📺 We are watching Spy x Family as a family during lunch time, it is quite fun to see my parents laugh out loud at it. I haven't watched much anime or anything by myself so I won't make a _Watching_ section just yet.

## Reading

- I got to chapter 20 of __Caliban's War__ and pretty much the whole book club is ahead of me now, rest in peace. It is very good but work stuff didn't let me read more and during vacations I preferred to game.
- I'm up to chapter 194 of __JuJutsu Kaisen__, some of the new characters and fights have been super interesting.
- I read up to chapter 792 of __Kingdom__, only two chapters since the last time I read it, I always enjoy getting back to this one.

## Gaming

- I played some __Ultimate Chicken Horse__ with friends, we've unlocked a lot of new maps that have been fun to try out.
- I played __I Was a Teenage Exocolonist__ as one of the 5 games I have to beat before buying one, I have played it like 5 hours this week, it is great! I'm really enjoying the story and some of the relationships I've made.
- I played some __Star Wars: The Skywalker Saga__ with my sibling once again, we are currently going through Episode V and it is fun! we are trying to explore every corner to find unlockables and such.

This is day 95 of [#100DaysToOffload](https://100daystooffload.com)
