---
title: Week Notes W47
header: Week Notes W47
description: My notes for week 47 of 2024, family visits, a completed videogame at last, and some stress from work.
tags: weeknotes
permalink: /blog/2024-w47-week-notes/
layout: post
date: 2024-11-23 21:03:43 -0600
host: fosstodon.org
username: joel
com_id: 113535879355261307
---

This week was totally crazy, work has been a roller coaster and many things happened that I got me a little stressed, but nothing too serious, other than the fact that I haven't written all the blog posts I wish I could've written. Regardless, here's my notes of what has been going on this week.


- 🌐 I inspired my fedifriend [RL_Dane](https://fosstodon.org/@RL_Dane) to write a blog post about his [every day carry](https://rldane.space/my-every-day-carry.html) and it devolved into a bunch of posts about the topic, very fun!
- 📫 I did not manage to go and pay the customs for my package yet, but I will try to do it next week, I have two free days that I may use to finally go to the bank and get this done, and pick up my package once and for all.
- 🍬 Because of my work, I could not manage to get my secret santa bag, but my workmate picked it up for me, and it was pretty nice! not very varied this time around, but there a lot of the same treat that I really really like!
- 🏚️ Some family members came visit our house and stayed for a few days, so I slept in the couch and had to endure the pain. I am joking, it wasn't really that bad, just mildly inconvenient, it was only a couple of nights and I have slept in the couch before, but for some reason it didn't feel as nice as before.
- 📕 [Bookrastinating](https://bookrastinating.com), the Bookwyrm instance I use---a federated alternative to Goodreads---got moved to a new server, and it honestly feels quite amazing! It is much snappier than before, and I am so glad about that change, I was starting to use my [Storygraph](https://app.thestorygraph.com/profile/joelchrono) account much more, but now either is good!
- 🕹 The controller I got last week is great, I've got it connected to my Switch and it worked wonderfully after a firmware update. Since last week, I also received another set of Switch games: _Shin Megami Tensei V Vengeance_, _Unicorn Overlord_, _Super Mario 3D World + Bowser's Fury_, _Astral Chain_, and _Live A Live_. So, yeah.

## 📖 Reading

- I got to chapter 15 of __Caliban's War__ and I have to say, the worldbuilding of these past few chapters has been amazing, most of the scenes have been happening in planets and satellites, rather than stations or ships, which has made for some interesting developments, and of course the story itself is progressing very well, and I am here for it.
- I got to chapter 163 of __JuJutsu Kaisen__, after where the second season of the anime stops, lots of interesting events are happening now, some characters have leveled up, some new characters have showed up, and I don't know where things are going now!

## 🕹 Playing

- I finally finished __Prince of Persia: The Lost Crown__, and I actually managed to share my review of it today, since I wrote it midweek, but well, work and things happening and I will now share it tomorrow if all goes well. TL;DR: this games rules, it is my GOTY, and I absolutely love it.
- I also finally returned to __Lego Star Wars: The Skywalker Saga__ with my little sister, and we did the beginnning of Episode V, making some AT-AT's trip while defending our Rebel base! Fun game!
- I started playing __Hollow Knight__, alongside a couple of friends who are also playing alongside me, I am where I was when I stopped playing it a couple years back, and I hope I get a bit more progress done this week! Fun game, quite difficult and not as fluid as PoP, but a different beast of its own so far.
- Tabletop Gaming is upon us! We had a pretty long session of __Risk__ yesterday, it was pretty chaotic, we decided to play some of Halo's soundtrack in the background and it fit surprisingly well during tense and epic moments. I have to say, I kind want to find a less time consuming game of strategy and war, so if you have any recommendations, let me know!

This is day 91 of [#100DaysToOffload](https://100daystooffload.com)
