---
title: Hothouse
header: Hothouse
description: This book by Brian W. Aldiss picked my interest months ago, and it is like no other piece of Science Fiction I've read so far.
tags: book reading review
permalink: /blog/hothouse/
layout: post
date: 2024-09-25 20:27:07 -0600
host: fosstodon.org
username: joel
com_id: 113202028667751370
---

I heard of this book a few times thanks to some reviews on YouTube, and it seemed rather interesting, oh boy, I had no idea.

Earth, two million years into the future, stopped rotating, half of it is in light, and the other half, in eternal darkness.

Vegetal life reached the peak of the food chain, humanity has devolved to tribalism and has lost most of its intelligence, spending most of their time surviving in the upper levels of a giant tree forest that covers half of the planet.

This book describes a completely alien world, where the Sun's radiation has evolved plant life in unimaginable ways. No one is safe, and everything that moves is trying to eat you.

The descriptions, the environments, the prose in this book was mindboggling from start to finish. Many times my mind truly get to work trying to comprehend many of the events and concepts exposed here, but it was never a chore, I just wanted to fully experience what was going on, trying to picture how the creatures and the landscapes would be like in this dystopian future.

At first it kinda felt like there was no plot at all, and the characters were all too simple-minded to be interesting to me. However, this quickly changes as a series of events start to unfold and it just keeps going. This story is a journey of discovery and survival. Characters will die left and right, and the question of how things ended up like that will pop up quite a bit. But such is the way of life.

This is not a super fun story, or high stakes and action packed. However, it is not boring, and the more I learned about the world and how it worked, and the more the characters were faced against, only led me to want to keep turning pages, filled with interesting and inventive ideas, that I would never imagine someone could come up with.

Spaceships and faster than light space travel? sure. Alien life and lasers? sure. But the almost lovecraftian vegetal life and the different wildlife and interactions that can be found here are really, really incredible.

I think this is a novel everyone should read, it tackes a variety of topics, but I don't know if I could say it was the most thought-provoking thing ever, in fact, I barely highlighted any sentences or ideas that I could reflect on compared to [Dune](/blog/dune) or [Childhood's End](/blog/childhoods-end-review/), but it for sure provoked my mind to imagine, and the ending left me thinking, what would I have done?

This is day 75 of [#100DaysToOffload](https://100daystooffload.com)
