---
title: Week Notes W46
header: Week Notes W46
description: Week notes for week 46 of 2024, shopping, secret santa at the office, having to pay for customs, reading and other things.
tags: weeknotes
permalink: /blog/2024-w46-weeknotes/
layout: post
date: 2024-11-16 19:49:35 -0600
updated: 2024-11-16 21:49:00 -0600
host: fosstodon.org
username: joel
com_id: 113496240470975085
---

Well this week quite a lot of stuff happened and it is one of those weeks where it makes a lot of sense to have week notes existing at all! Nothing too major for a proper blog post, but enough to mention it here!

Also I decided to go by week number instead of by the weeknote number, this is my second post sharing them though, so I'm sorry if it causes any confusion. Moving forward it should be more useful!

- 🎮 On Monday we got some visits and they had a small kid who wanted to play some videogames, I gave him a controller to play my Switch in docked mode, and fired up _Kirby and the Forgotten Land_ for him. I was honestly very impressed with how quickly he picked up the controls and the game, since he doesn't have a console at home, he played for a couple hours while the adults talked and I was in my room doing work from home.
- 🎁 For the Secret Santa event at work, everyone gave treats, snacks and candy to each other. I made a pretty decent candy bag and I also received a pretty hefty one. Some coworkers only got a single bag of chips and like 3 small sweets and it was ridiculously fun for everyone but the affected person. There was some _juicy drama_ in the group chat.
- 📫 I got a package delivered containing three Switch games from Play Asia, unfortunately I have to pay customs for it, and go pick it up at the post office. This is a huge pain, but I'll try to do it during my home office day next monday.
- 💻 In better news, I was randomly gifted a key to get [Cassette Beasts](https://store.steampowered.com/app/1321440/Cassette_Beasts/) on Steam and I'll try to give it a try sometimes soon, I was planning on buying it for Switch though, but who knows I have a new reason to play more on my laptop.
- 🕹 The reason is, I just got a new controller! The 8bitdo Ultimate 2C controller with the mint colorway, I also ordered the bluetooth adapter so it works on Switch, since it doesn't do it natively for some reason.
- 🛍 Here in Mexico we have "El Buen Fin," an equivalent to Black Friday where lots of stores sell stuff for cheap, I ordered a lot of things from AliExpress and also Mercado Libre, including videogames, some accesories and small gifts too. I wanted to get a Switch Lite Zelda edition, but I'll probably save for the new Switch 2 which could come anytime soon.

## 📖 Reading

- I've read up to chapter 148 of __Jujutsu Kaisen__, this is a few chapters after Season 2 of the anime, and I have to admit, there's quite a lot of stuff I'm looking forward to. The anime is really the way to go for this series I think.
- I am on chapter 10 of __Caliban's War__, book 2 of the Expanse, I'm not sure how much time has passed between this and the first book, but it doesn't seem to be that much, things are starting to pick-up again, and I'm here for it!

## 🕹 Playing
- I played some __Nintendo Switch Sports__ with my little sister, we tried playing online for a change and we beat absolutely everybody in every game we played, I have a feeling many of the players were bots, but it was still fun and exciting to compete against other players and also unlock cosmetics!

This is day 89 of [#100DaysToOffload](https://100daystooffload.com)
