---
title: Week Notes 1
header: Week Notes 1
description: What a better time to start doing week notes than when another friend starts at the same time! Now I don't have to remember which week number is next!
tags: weeknotes
permalink: /blog/week-notes-1/
layout: post
date: 2024-11-09 20:54:50 -0600
host: fosstodon.org
username: joel
com_id: 113456794651883250
---

Even though I don't really have a writer's block like my friend @JP, I have always been interested in getting started with week notes and something that I jut gotta write. I already have a kinda similar series named What Interested Me Today, with no tag for it specifically for some reason. I will keep it for those days when a lot of things happen in a day that are not yet developed into a single post even if they may become one in the future. The same will be true here, probably, since that's just how I roll! So, let's get started!

I'll probably steal Jedda's style for these, since she also does week notes and I like the emojis.

- 🏭 There will be a __Gift Exchange__ coming up at work, and a secret friend dynamic where we'll get candy and snacks for each other. We also made a wishlist of stuff for an upcoming meet-up to exchange more substantial gifts, with an astonishing value of up to 25 USD! 🎉 Honestly tho, I listed a few books, and mentioned I could pay the difference if it exceeds the price, so I hopefully get two books. I'm a secret friend of someone I don't even interact with though, so we'll see how that goes.
- 🎮 I recently ordered a new game controller for both my Switch and my Laptop, it's an 8bitdo Ultimate 2C. I got the mint colored one from AliExpress and should arrive at some point soon.
- 🥪 I think I have eaten the same food too many times at work, I need to get my own lunch at home more often.

## 🕹 Playing 
- I've been playing __Monster Hunter Rise__ with a friend I met recently online, it is so fun to get someone into this game, It is such a joy to play, and it's really fun to see the novices get thrown around by monsters, but still get back up and improve over time, I want to play more soon!
- I got into a bit of __Marvel Snap__ again on my phone, this card game is great! The matches are short but still so satisfying.

## 📖 Reading

- I started __Caliban's War__ today! The second book of The Expanse, I read the prologue and will hopefully finish it before the end of the month.
- I finished __Leviathan Wakes__, by James SA Corey, first book of The Expanse and wrote my thoughts about it in [a review I shared yesterday](/blog/2024-11-08-leviathan-wakes/). 
- I finished __Black Easter__, by James Blish, it was a rather nice book honestly, a totally different style and themes to The Expanse, but still a good read, my review is coming soon too. The book treats Magic as an Art and Science, and it's about a magician contracted by an arms dealer to unleash all the demons from Hell at the same time for a few hours. The whole thing is incredibly interesting, it's not for everyone, but still.
- The only manga I read this week was __Jujutsu Kaisen__, and I'm close to the end of the Shibuya Incident arc, and will get ahead of the anime soon enough.









This is day of [#100DaysToOffload](https://100daystooffload.com)
