---
title: Week Notes W49
header: Week Notes W49
description: I can't believe it's December already, and the first week was relatively eventful.
tags: weeknotes
permalink: /blog/2024-w49-weeknotes/
layout: post
date: 2024-12-08 15:33:28 -0600
host: fosstodon.org
username: joel
com_id: 113619738837171733
---

- 🕹 I received some more videogames, _Marvel vs Capcom Fighting Collection_, _Balatro Special Edition_, and _Outer Wilds Archeologist Edition_. These were from [Play Asia](https://play-asia.com), and I am quite happy that I didn't have to pay customs for them unlike my previous package. I hope that the last one does not require payment either. I still have a few games I pre-ordered that are yet to arrive!
- 📃 I actually wrote a couple of different blog posts this week, but I didn't have the chance to actually publish them, they are still in a draft, but I hope to complete them soon enough.
- 🎁 My secret santa gift arrived earlier than expected, so I am ready for the event the upcoming friday! The minimum date of arrival was friday and I was worried it would be even later, thankfully that wasn't the case.
- 🍬 Speaking of Secret Santa, this week I forgot the candy bag I had prepared, so I went to the cafeteria in my workplace to buy some candy, and I took one of the small boxes in the production floor to store them, pretty ugly but it is how it is.
- 🪩 There was going to be an event in my workplace for the whole company, hundreds of people would assist, wearing formal attire and stuff, there were gonna be giveaways, free drinks and dinner, but I ended up not going, I didn't want to pay for a suit.
- ⛪ Participated in an event organized by a fellow church in my state, we played some games and my youth group won one! it was Family Feud but with bible-related questions.

## Reading
I read up to...
- Chapter 33 of __Caliban's War__, the new characters have fully grown on me and I am looking forward to how the story progresses, it just keeps getting better everytime!
- Chapter 799 of __Kingdom__, I actually really liked the few chapters I've read, a big battle ended in ways I didn't quite expect, I am looking forward to see how it continues
- Chapter 166 of __Dandadan__, a lot of fun stuff and also the ending of a very interesting arc that had a lot of great action and even some sad moments as well.
- Chapter 196 of __JuJutsu Kaisen__, only a couple more chapters, still good but I forgot to download more during the week, so I didn't read much.

## Gaming
I played...
- __Castle Crashers__ with friends on Sunday, we were going through some stages we've beaten already just to get good.
- __Hades__ a lot, like, almost 10 hours if not more, I got to the final boss like 3 times now, and I think I'll finally beat the game soon enough, maybe this week.
- __Hollow Knight__ a bit less than I wanted, I still have much to explore and I want to find the map of a new area I found. Some progress was made.
- __Super Mario Bros Wonder__ with some friends and by myself, just trying to beat it for once since I only have a couple worlds more to beat!
- __Balatro__ with some friends right after I was done with my previous weeknotes, so I just added it here. It's so fun!

This is day 97 of [#100DaysToOffload](https://100daystooffload.com)
