---
title: Week Notes W26
header: Week Notes W26
description: Here are my weeknotes from June 24 to 30, 2025. I finally returned to Hollow Knight, wrote a lot of stuff, finished an anime, and other things.
tags: weeknotes
permalink: /blog/2025-w26/
layout: post
date: 2025-06-30 19:20:09 -0600
host: fosstodon.org
username: joel
com_id: 114775554536536301
---

Hey! Welcome to your weekly post of weekly notes, where I talk about everything going on in the week, and more! High quality content. I hope you had a good week.

- 🍏 First, I'd like to pay respects to Annie Sturdivant. She was known as @anniegreens online, and started [#WeblogPoMo](https://weblogpomo.club) back in 2024. I was literally chatting with a friend a week or so ago about her, since there was no WeblogPoMo activity this year, we knew Annie was on hiatus from the online circles, and hoped she was enjoying life outside the web. When I learned of the news from [Scrolls 19](https://shellsharks.com/scrolls/scroll/2025-06-27#indieweb), I was in shock. Even though I never really met her, she was really inspiring for me, and will be missed.
- 🌧️ There has been a lot of rain these past few days, but it's very random, some day nothing, some other day, a lot, it's confusing and I hate not knowing, but it's not bad.
- ✍️ My writing this week has been, if I can say so myself, pretty awesome! I was inspired by a lot of things going around me, that is what blogging is all about sometimes. To take everything in and chew through it and try to come out with something valuable from those external factors. It is not always easy, but we must try.
- 🗒️ I also decided to do a quick [readership survey](/answer-my-readership-survey) and I already have encountered quite a few submissions! Thank you if you answered it, sent an email, or if you just told me you didn't feel comfortable doing so. It's all good here!
- ⌚ I acquired a new watch! A Militado LM05. It arrived on Friday and I am honestly quite amazed by it. It's my first field watch, and I wore it during the weekend, the smooth seconds hand is really nice, while being as precise as only quartz can be! Maybe one day I'll finally buy a mechanical, but not today.
- 💾 I bought more physical games... but at least I had to suffer for it! Play Asia has already bit me one time that the carrier asked me to pay taxes to get my package. This time it was different. I had tracked the package almost daily so when it said it was on the move, I warned my family at home while I worked. A few hours later, the tracking website said "Wrong address, return to sender"---*I panicked*. I left work early, rushed to the post office, and asked if they still had it. *No*, they said, "The delivery guy is still on route". I convinced them to check again---and it *was* there!. Now I have *Pipistrello and the Cursed Yo-Yo*, *Dragon Quest III HD2D Remake* and *Tactics Ogre Reborn*. I blame [Wouter](https://brainbaking.com) for encouraging me to buy these.
- 🃏 Played some new card games! this time they weren't mine, but a friend invited us over, we played *Worst Case Scenario* and *Slapzi*, I only played the latter, because I ~~*wanted to play Hollow Knight*~~ wasn't feeling well for the first one, I was there enjoying the banter going on though, fun!
- 🎁 This is your weekly reminder to go ahead and play *1000xRESIST* if you haven't already. I managed to convince even [Amin](https://benjaminhollon.com), *you're not safe.*

## Gaming

- **1000xRESIST** - what an incredible game that is now rivaling *Chrono Trigger* in the*"videogames that define my entire personality online"* category. Make sure to check out [my review of it!](/blog/1000xresist).
- **Hollow Knight** - *speaking of games that define my entire online personality*, this is up there too. I finally returned to it after a few months without touching it. I think that finishing a videogame on my Switch after a long while (last time was *Super Mario Bros Wonder* in March!) and in such a short period of time, was the final push I needed to just return to HK. I finally got an upgrade that let's me see my progress percentage, and I was at 70%, but after playing throughout the weekend, my completion is now at 96%, I found my way towards a lot of bosses and challenges, I found all of the grubs, a few powerups and all of the charms except for one. I still want to to do more before going into that last fight, at this point I may as well fully complete it and the DLC content! It's been a joy.
- In other news, I played a couple matches of **Super Smash Bros Ultimate** and **Ultimate Chicken Horse** with friends!

## Watching

- **Solo Leveling Season 2** - I have to admit that the last half of the season completely won me over, seeing the other characters fight their way through impossible odds was really cool, and there was real danger to be had. Of course I know once the protagonist shows up it's all over, but there are still consecuences and I thought it was quite well made. The season finale was pretty good. Still no masterpiece, but I am starting to remember why I binged through the manhwa.
- **Mashle: Magic & Muscles Season 2** - This finally showed up on Netflix so I decided to continue watching it with my sister. This new arc has been quite funny and the action is great too. Another one where you don't really need to think that hard about what's going on. The latino dub is is absolutely hilarious.
- **The Minecraft Movie** - Yeah, this showed up on HBO Max and it's definitely something. Jack Black was absolutely insane, everyone was absolutely insane, but it was fun and ridiculous and they clearly knew what they were doing, props to them, to be honest, it was entertaining.

## Reading
- **Nemesis Games** - Read up to chapter 9! This has been a really interesting change of pace compared to previous novels. The whole party has been divided with their own chapters and perspectives, and it is great to see them shine in different ways under a different dynamic. Amos remains awesome and cool, and the others are nice too! Seeing how Holden is *holding* up is nice too.
- **DanDaDan** - Read up to chapter 196. A lot of crazy things are happening here, most notably, the crew is on an airplane fighting against a giant typhoon with flying sharks. An absolute delight.
- **One Punch Man** - Read up to chapter 206. I hadn't read OPM in a bit, but it remains as cool as ever. There is a bit of a plot here though, some new characters have been revealed, as well as some backstory. Saitama showed up once and stopped a blade that can literally cut through tectonics plates, one-handed. Cool. 

## Week Links

I found a lot of interesting and thought-provoking posts this time around. I hope you enjoy the variety here.

### Blog posts

- [My plumber never tried to build God](https://www.njms.ca/posts/2025-06-23.html) - this one originally inspired by post about [a future without work](/blog/not-having-to-work-would-be-nice-but-not-like-this) but in the end it was really really different, and I decided to just share it here instead. Give it a read!
- [Web Numbers](https://ar.al/2025/06/25/web-numbers/) - IP addresses revamped as web numbers, and using your own addressbook to access websites, or something like that. Interesting concept write-up about something that somehow isn't a thing already (or at least, not anymore)
- [(not so) excellent sheep](https://tiramisu.bearblog.dev/excellent-sheep/) - misu had a goal-setting meeting with their supervisor, and it went well, until they asked what was next from their current role in the future...
- [On being human](https://bojidar-bg.dev/blog/2025-06-27-being-human/) - Bojidar reflects on an important aspect of his tagline, being human. An interesting perspective about what that means for him in a personal, philosophical and spiritural sense.
- [Gaming Like Its 2015](https://liveloveslay.com/2025/06/27/gaming-like-its-2015) - Brandon shares some games he played recently, that actually came out like 10 years ago. It was a nice to learn about other people's taste in games! I want to play Splatoon some day...
- [A.I Atrophy](https://joshdl.substack.com/p/ai-atrophy) - Joshua has noticed how dependence on AI for his work has caused his creative muscles to weaken, as he's been lulled in a place of contentment, and paying because of it.
- [I (don't?) want to say yes to everything](https://cassidoo.co/post/saying-yes-or-no) - Be picky with what you say yes to! Cassidy speaking from her experience working on foss projects.
- [Be More Offline](https://sheepdev.xyz/blog/be-more-offline) - The internet has changed so much in the past couple decades, and it's definitely good to stay away from it from time to time.
- [Nobody Cares](https://thread-pool.com/nobody-cares/) - Jay shared this on social media, and I proved him wrong by saying "I care", *checkmate!* But really, if you are currently writing something, and you feel alone. Get in touch, link me your website. I would love to read it.

### Videos

- [that moment you realize it's not cgi](https://youtu.be/ZaO2Ka6ztOc) - I will always enjoy a great video talking about how great the visual effects of Spider-Man 2 are. With a focus on Dr. Octopus? even more.
- [Ok, This game actually copied Hollow Knight, (again...)](https://youtu.be/vYkFUk7AjiU) - Plagiarism is a thing, and in the case of those "inspired" by games that redefine a genre, it is easy to fall into too many traps, or to just get lazy, welp. But hey, it has a parry system.
- [Camera in a Bowling Ball!](https://youtu.be/aA8LLjTghVQ) - This was a genuinely fun video about trying to record the point of view of a bowling ball, do I need explaing this further?
- [I'm DONE with Google](https://youtu.be/u_Lxkt50xOg) - PewDiePie continues on his Linux journey and gets rid of a lot of Google services and embraces self-hosting. Yeah yeah it's on YouTube, let it be.
- [bread, what browser is that? (it's qutebrowser)](https://youtu.be/0E-zU2Uq-rM) - Bread talks about qutebrowser. Every once in a while this thing keeps tempting me but I still resist. 
- [JAWS Retrospective - 50 Years of a Horror Blockbuster](https://youtu.be/er9ilyV-lPM) - I only watched the first 15 minutes before I got busy, but this video essay about the original JAWS movie and its influence is already awesome.

This is day 91 of [#100DaysToOffload](https://100daystooffload.com)
