---
title: Week Notes W12
header: Week Notes W12
description: Not many posts in between, but here are the weeknotes from Monday 17th to Sunday 23rd, March, 2025. Rather uneventful week, to be honest.
tags: weeknotes
permalink: /blog/2025-w12/
layout: post
date: 2025-03-25 20:24:25 -0600
date: 2025-03-26 07:20:00 -0600
host: fosstodon.org
username: joel
com_id: 114226479959870984
---

Heeey, we are so back, even though I barely wrote any blog posts this week,
I still feel like I accomplished a lot in other camps. Finding the right
balance will never be possible at this point, but whatever.

- 🤖 I binge-watched **Pluto**, an incredible work of science fiction anime that happening a more mature take on the world of Astro Boy. We follow Geschit, a robot detective investigating the murders of the most advanced robots in the world, as well as key human figures that contribute to scientific discoveries, robot rights and laws that benefit robots in society. It's such an amazing take on these concepts. It's also completely heart-wrenching, it's a very well done piece of art.
- 🏆 Work update! Remember that Mario Kart tournament I mentioned at some point here? I am going to the semi-finals, I think I got this in the bag, but I don't wanna get too relaxed yet, one of the next opponents (It's 2 vs 2) seems to play it often, I hope to win though.
- ⌚ With the news on Pebble watches making a return, I've been interested on getting one. However, the hype died down for me a bit and I am still very happy with my Casio Royale, simply perfect.
- 💇‍♂️ I finally got a haircut! this actually happened before watching the *Mickey-17* movie on the previous weeknotes, it wasn't as important but still wanted to write it down here lol
- 🏠 We had some family visits and I had to prepare my room to receive them there (there's two bedframes in my room for pretty much this reason), I just managed to get it done and binge-watch Pluto right before they arrived, everything went as planned!
- 🎮 On Sunday some little kids also came home and wanted to play on Switch, lots of games were played by them, they also borrowed my portable handhelds and tried a lot of games, they said they looked too blocky, and I died a little inside.

## 📖 Reading

- **Hunter x Hunter**: Read up to chapter 357. The progress has slowed down a bit, things are going back to normal, I am not very far from catching up, and since the Manga is on hiatus, I would rather keep it light from now on. I'll read it from time to time!
- **Usogui**: Read up to chapter 13. Yet another Manga I saw on a YT Short, this is all about gambling. The protagonist just loves betting his own life in dangerous gambles, he's known as "The Lie Eater". So far, it's been really cool! It started with some normal Casino stuff helping another guy get out of debt, but it just got interesting after some old man told them they could get 10 million bucks if they can leave his building alive!
- **Cibola Burns**: IT'S FINALLY UPON US. We started this on my book club at last, and I read all the way up to chapter 6. This is some cool stuff, it's still building up for something, and I am eager to see how it goes!

## 🕹 Gaming

- **Hollow Knight** - THE TIME HAS COME. I am so back into the world of Hallownest. This game has caused me to suffer infinite pain, and at the same time, a great sense of wonder and exploration! I love it so much! I think I have Stockholm Syndrome!!
- **Super Mario Bros Wonder** - YES YES YES. We are indeed so back! I **completed** this game! I did it! this is my fifth game of the year. I can technically buy a new Nintendo Switch game now! Even though I won't, because I got a lot to play already.
- **Ridge Racer 2** - YES! THIS IS BACK TOO. I had been away from my PSP completely until this week. I don't know why I haven't progressed on Ys or anything, but Ridge Racer 2 has been my focus, I started over the courses that were on RR1, so everything is easy but still fun. That music just rocks!
- **Super Mario 3D World** - Played this again with friends, completed a few levels too, it's so fun and chaotic! Doing one of the Toad levels was a complete mess because of the shared camera controls and the fact that the Toad I chose in the game is replaced by a Toad of a different color, making things confusing.
- **Worms W.M.D** - We played a single round of Worms, 6 players, lots of fun. I don't know why the turn based nature of the game is so nice for multiplayer, it doesn't require lots of focus, but it's still very engaging and we can criticize or make fun of each other as we play.
- **Balatro** - Somehow did a run with friends that lasted all the way up to ante 7, we had it! But we somehow sold our main joker, using Two Pair plays, and ended up losing the run, it was pretty epic.

## Week Links



### Blog posts

- [Web Readers and RSS Readers](https://jamesg.blog/2025/03/21/web-readers-and-rss-readers) -  James talks about how "RSS readers" as a name isn't great, I don't think "web reader" is any better than using "web browser" but I still wanted to share his post.
- [My First Console](https://brainbaking.com/post/2025/03/my-first-console/) - Wouter wrote about his first console, inspired by my post of the same name! It was a great story :P
- [Getting out of a book slump](https://noisydeadlines.net/getting-out-of-a-book-slump) - Ariadne, like me, was in a bit of a reading slump, but she finally got out, like me! But I still read slower.

### Videos

- [Stop Motion Chess Animation (breakdown)](https://youtu.be/sLdS6idNpFI) - I think this video was awesome, I love stop motion! I had never seen the shorts by the artist, but I will now.
- [Pepe Carroll, 1988 FISM magic performance (1st place)](https://youtu.be/8HtMiAjmGPA) - Pepe Carroll is a Spanish magician that left us too soon. He was great and this act gave him the FISM prize back in the day!
- [Lennart Green - International Close Up Magic Competition (Ron MacMillan) - 1988](https://youtu.be/VPKMAQRo_rA) - Lennart came up with some amazing techniques that would redefine magic as we know it, his FISM act was disqualified for being too good, but he finally won with the same act in 1991 and the judges themselves shuffling the cards.


This is day 41 of [#100DaysToOffload](https://100daystooffload.com)
