---
title: Week Notes W08
header: Week Notes W08
description: Here are my notes for the week! Super rushed and I wish I could have written more, but alas.
tags: weeknotes
permalink: /blog/2025-w08/
redirect_from: /blog/week-notes-w08/
layout: post
date: 2025-02-25 22:00:00 -0600
host: fosstodon.org
username: joel
com_id: 114073952108850076
---

This was a pretty busy week! I took quite long to publish the weeknotes again, but well, what can I say, I no longer have home office days. 😭

## 😷 Sick day

I got a sore throat, headache and a bit of a fever on Thursday, so I ended up having Wednesday as a day off. It was kinda weird to do nothing on the middle of the week, I even went to the outside world... I had to go to the medic and get some pills, after all.

In the end I got better pretty quickly and went back to work on Tuesday, well that was quick.

## 📺 New family sitcom time

Now that my family caught up with *Spy x Family*, we were looking for something else to watch. One of the shows we enjoyed a lot last year was *Young Sheldon*, so now that I have a Max subscription, we decided to start watching *George & Mandy's First Marriage*. We put it on at night after dinner and get some laughs out of it.

## 🎲 Late Night Gaming

This friday a friend of mine visited and we played until, wait for it...

11 P.M!

Oh yeah, we played until late! Woooooh. 

Seriously though, We did a bunch of **Mario Kart 8 Deluxe** online racing, and I didn't win even once, he invited another friend from some other state in Mexico, and he wiped the floor with both of us. He was definitely the technical kinda player who would complain about how the drifting wasn't as good or how the items weren't as fun as X or Y Mario Kart, it was still super fun for me to just banter and ramble about such things.

We also played some **Mario Party 3** via NSO, and of course that the Wario controlled by AI in Super Hard left us in the dust. However! I managed to get second place, so I am happy enough.

## 🕹 Gaming

Just like the previous week, gaming took a hold of me once again, but I think I played less games anyway.

I played a bit of **Dredge**, and decided to venture into other islands for a bit, I almost crashed with a rock and damaged my boat in the middle of the night, that was a bit scary.

On **Ys: The Oath in Felghana** I finally reached the final dungeon, but I have to grind for a little bit to fully upgrade all of my equipment, since the enemies are quite challenging. I hope to complete the game in a couple more sessions if all goes well.

In **Fire Emblem: The Blazing Blade** I progressed until chapter 26x of the game, it's a quest where my characters can get cursed with Berserk, and it has proven to be a difficult situation to work around, however I think I can do it next time I open up my Anbernic SP.

I got to Bowser's Castle in **Super Mario Bros Wonder** and I think I could beat the main game soon enough! It's been pretty fun.

I returned to **Triangle Strategy** on a whim, and have played it for a few hours. There is a lot of story in this game, and I've only advanced two or three battles, I wish I had more battles for often to be honest, since I like them quite a bit.

I started **Brave Story: New Traveler** out of nowhere, and it kind of plays like Dragon Quest XI! So, it's basically a pretty traditional turn based rpg, and I'm here for it! It's kinda cool to play it on the PSP!

I also did a short run of **Dungeon Antiqua** to add some variety, as well as the multiplayer gaming mentioned in the previous section of this post.

## Reading

This is it, **Hunter x Hunter** has completely won me over. It is one of the most fun and exciting manga series I've read. I am super close to starting the anime soon, just to live through it once more.

There's action, there is comedy, there is character development, there are plot twists and a rather awesome power system. It is top notch shonen jump and I love it. JuJutsu Kaisen is actually average compared to this!

In other news, I finally started a book. **The Space Merchants** by Frederick Pohl and C.M. Kornbluth. I am actually rather surprised by it, the first couple paragraphs seemed boring but as soon as I finished the first chapter I was in. 

It's about a future of overpopulation and scarce resource where advertising and businesses have total power, Venus is now considered the next frontier and hope for Humanity's expansion, so some advertising company wants to turn it into the next destination for Humanity's future (although it's rather inhabitable and will be a pain to colonize), so there's this guy who gets tasked with the ad campaign to attract people to it, and so the story begins. Interesting premise! I look forward to the rest.

This is day 22 of [#100DaysToOffload](https://100daystooffload.com)
