---
title: Week Notes W02
header: Week Notes W02
description: Terrible, I published this late, and I have lots of drafts on queue, but week notes must be made.
tags: weeknotes
permalink: /blog/2025-w02-weeknotes/
layout: post
date: 2025-01-15 22:17:11 -0600
updated: 2025-01-16 05:30:00 -0600
host: fosstodon.org
username: joel
com_id: 113836199133434972
---

I took my time this week because I asked for vacations at work for a family trip, and I didn't write anything on my phone either! It was a busy week, so here are some notes and stuff that happened.

- 🧑‍💻 Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday were pretty normal when it comes to work. I came back to the routine, and catched up on a lot of missing emails and tasks to do, despite it all, nothing too special or unique actually happened.
- 🎂 Here en Mexico, Dia de Reyes is a very traditional celebration to commemorate the visit of the Magi to Jesus, so we ate a bunch of Rosca de Reyes at work, with family and friends, multiple times throughout the week, good stuff.
- 💪 I went to the gym! I went a couple times last week, since I had vacations mid-way, but I'm still going strong for now, I like to listen to podcasts while being completely unbothered.
- 🎉 Vacations were great, went to my grandma's birthday party, played videogames with my cousin and experienced actually cold weather again for a bit.
- 🏠 We also visited other long-time family friends, they're the pastors of the church I went to during my early childhood, I always have a great time with them and it was so nice to meet them after ages.

## Gaming

I played lots of stuff, I don't want to do a list like in previous weeknotes because of that, I can't come up with whole paragraphs for some of them so, anyway.

On Sunday I played a little bit of Minecraft with friends on the Switch, not our proper server but it was kinda fun, we also played some more multiplayer __Balatro__.

First, __Dragon Quest XI__, since I hadn't touched it in ages, I went back to it and really had a lot of fun! I progressed a lot in the story, and it is wonderful.

Since my favorite podcast Into The Aether, announced the PSP is gonna be their next console premiere, I have been playing __Final Fantasy IV Complete Collection__ again, made a lot of grinding and I'm finally ready to go to the moon. I also started on a whim __Ys: Oath of Felghana__ and already played like 6 hours of it, it is very fun, similar to my beloved Ys Seven but with 2D artwork and 3D environments, absolutely awesome, if a bit hard.

When I visited my family, I also played __Fortnite__ with my cousing, after literally years without trying it. Last time, I was playing it on a weak and old laptop and it had terrible graphics, this time I did on my Switch, and it looks not great, but it didn't retract from the multiplayer experience.

He has an Xbox Series S, so we also played some __Marvel Rivals__, he let me play a lot of rounds as well, and it was a pretty fun time! I kind of want to install it on my laptop, but I don't have the storage at the moment, maybe it's time for an upgrade.

## Reading 

My manga reading was a little strange this time, since I finished JJK, I didn't have many long series to read where I hadn't caught up yet. So, I read up to

- Chapter 13 of __Uncle from Another World__, fun manga with isekai tropes, I enjoyed the anime and gave this a go a while back, but I went back to it this week.
- Chapter 48 of __The Way of the Househusband__, I forgot about this one somehow! but it's such a fun gag manga about the everyday shenanigans of an ex-Yakuza who got married and is now just in charge of the house, nothing else, it's just funny to see how he handles the situation and how everyone is afraid of how he looks, but it's wholesome and hilarious.
- Chapter 257 of __Gantz__, this one I don't read often, but I had some downloaded chapters, bizzarre and gory as always, but kinda interesting premise going on right now.
- Chapter 140 of __Frieren__, yeah I caught up, can't read more for now.
- Chapter 447 of __Komi Can't Communicate__, because I also kinda forgot of this one, but I'm catching up!
- Chapter 17 of __Elfen Lied__, this one I haven't brought up I think? It's super dark and doesn't have the best art, but it's so divisive I wanted to give it a go, interesting premise but it's a little rough around the edges.

When it comes to books, I made a bunch of progress on __Abaddon's Gate__, all the way up to chapter 40 or so, I just finished it, but I didn't do it in week 2 so, oops, spoilers.

Also made some progress on __The Murder on The Links__, but very little.

This is day 4 of [#100DaysToOffload](https://100daystooffload.com)
