---
title: Blaugust, mostly gaming, going out for dinner! - W31
header: Blaugust, mostly gaming, going out for dinner! - W31
description: Here are my weeknotes from July 29 to August 4, 2025! 
tags: weeknotes
permalink: /blog/2025-w31/
layout: post
date: 2025-08-04 13:00:00 -0600
host: fosstodon.org
username: joel
com_id: 114972081449157281
---

This week was not very eventful, at least at first, but there's a lot more than meets the eye... *transforms into a truck.*

🌐 I don't think I need to but I'll mention again that I joined [Blaugust 2025](/blog/blaugust-2025)!

🎆 There's some events going on at my city that make it very hard to get to places on time. This is because public transport is absolutely crowded with people. This means that I haven't gone to the gym at all. However, I am excercising at home, or at least, I have the intention to do so, can't say I've achieved it every day lol.

📖 I've felt like I could read a lot more if I read of my phone, I'm thinking about maybe having a book on my phone and one on my Kobo just to see how it goes. I kinda hate this, because I like reading on my Kobo and I felt like I would be betraying her, maybe I should just not feel anxious about bringing it to lunch breaks, where my phone reigns supreme because it's ok to use it when other people are in the table are talking (I know it shouldn't be ok) but it's not ok to have a big device (or at least a wider one) like the Kobo. Or maybe I should just have lunch by myself in my own corner and not care.

📚 Speaking of books, I've been thinking about what to read next! I joined *yet another book club* where I'll probably procrastinate more again. Still very commited to *The Expanse* though. Upcoming books outside that might be *The Left Hand of Darkness*, *The Martian* or maybe *Children of Time*.

📝 I've been using [Markor](https://github.com/gsantner/markor) to write down my ["micro thoughts"](https://notes.jeddacp.com/micro-thoughts-explained), lately, I've been thinking of sharing them on a separate post, maybe weekly, like these notes? Or creating a new section on my website.

🧹 I cleaned up my room quite a lot, I even got rid of some old stuff thrown under the bed ages ago, it was a bit nasty but now everything is good and even more spacious lol

🍔 Yesterday my parents and me went to a restaurant and had some great food for dinner. It had been years since we last went there and I'm happy to say, it was great! Some burguers and tortas and potato chips and we good. None of us finished the food so we saved it for later, we were just too full---it doesn't help we had already eaten some *tostielotes* (Tostitos with corn, grilled cheese, spicy sauce and the like. Mexican street snack!). I was going to take it for lunch, but I forgot my lunch bag, so I'm sad. I'll eat it once I get home though.

🏓 Ping-pong update! I kinda feel there's someone out there who really likes to know how my journey goes. This weekend everyone was already able to keep a game going for like 12 bounces or so, it's really fun to see my friends and I slowly improving our skills! I'm kinda hyped for the future.

## Gaming

I finally completed **Fire Emblem: The Blazing Blade!**, and [my review is up already!](/blog/fire-emblem-the-blazing-blade). It is a little weird to think that I actually started this game at some point in 2022. Yes! Looking back at [my review](/blog/metroid-samus-returns) of *Metroid Samus Returns* from April 2022, I remember playing *Fire Emblem Awakening* on that borrowed 3DS as well. I only played like 6 hours of it, I liked it but couldn't continue for reasons. I recall that was the time where I actually gave a shot to *The Blazing Blade* on my PSP via emulation! Played like 2 hours of it and had fun, but again, went on hiatus for a bit. Another funny detail, that's the last time I got my glasses' prescription up to date, I clearly remember playing *Awakening* while waiting for my turn. I really need new glasses...

Oh right! **The Hundred Line Last Defense Academy** just keeps being great. I completed the story, and, wouldn't you know it, this game apparently has 100 endings to experience. I have to say, the plot and reasoning justifying this gameplay is actually kind of great? It's like it's only getting started, and I am here for it. The deviations from my original playthrough have already been way off, and I'm just having a blast. The strategy rpg, the original reason I played the game, has actually turned into a bit of a shore, as I really just want to have more story and character interactions and less strategy gameplay. I didn't expect that, but it is how it is.

Another bit of my gameplay time was taken by **Portal 2** in co-op mode. I haven't played the story yet, but I am having fun playing it with a friend for an hour or so at a time. Maybe I should give *Portal 1* a spin at last...

## Reading

As mentioned on [July's summary](/blog/july-2025-summary#manga), I catched up with **Blue Lock** and **Kingdom**, both managed to grip me from very different reasons but I don't want to repeat myself much here. Kingdom is a masterpiece, and Blue Lock is addicting.

Since then I also catched up on *Sakamoto Days* which had three or so chapters out. The battles have been quite intense lately, and there's some real risk for some of these characters, but it's also very hype.

On *Nemesis Games* I managed to complete up until chapter 21, and I have started to feel the stakes ramping up again. I love these characters so much and I don't want anything bad to happen to them.

## Around the web

Well there are way too many blog posts I read this time around, some are because of Blaugust and others are because thery're friends I read sometimes, so I'll try to stick to super short 10-word summaries as a challenge to myself, hope they're fun!

- [notes on work, aging up](https://zoeloukia.bearblog.dev/notes-on-work-aging-up) - going to work, arriving early, keeping up with year resolutions.
- [Curate your own newspaper with RSS](https://www.citationneeded.news/curate-with-rss) - algorithms suck, build your own feed instead, FreshRSS got mentioned.
- [Week of Blogging - A Retrospective](https://orbitalmartian.codeberg.page/blog/2025-08-01-week-of-blogging-retrospective) - writing seven blogposts in seven days is neat, keep going.
- [when that moment arrives](https://tiramisu.bearblog.dev/when-that-moment-arrives/) - great storytelling, Haikyuu got mentioned, loved the emotion and rain. 
- [Pool Days](https://marisabel.nl/public/blog/Pool_Days) - I want to go to the pool for some reason.
- [Communication and understanding](https://jamesg.blog/2025/08/03/communication-and-understanding/) - okay but explain what a logarithm is next time.
- [MMOs and their place in my accidental return to gaming](https://dandelion-utilitarian.com/2025/08/01/mmos-and-their-place-in.html) - Hex finally writes a long post, about videogames, world ends.
- [false expectations](https://blog.avas.space/false-expectations/) - AI is bad and people expect too much from it
- [I feel offended by the use of "AI" generated images and text](https://theresmiling.neocities.org/blog/2025/08/i-feel-offended-by-ai.html) - AI generated art is bad and people use it carelessly.
- [Today my brain wanted to think about one of the first dates I ever went on](https://gkeenan.co/avgb/today-my-brain-wanted-to-think-about-one-of-the-first-dates-i-ever-went-on/) - the title is much longer than this summary, also Titanic.
- [Why Do We Blog?](https://rldane.space/why-do-we-blog.html) - because blogging is fun and making summaries is too, somehow.

