---
title: Week Notes W06
header: Week Notes W06
description: Lots of stuff happening this week, but no blog posts in between weeknotes, welp
tags: weeknotes
permalink: /blog/week-notes-w06/
layout: post
date: 2025-02-09 23:50:04 -0600
host: fosstodon.org
username: joel
com_id: 113980921928441965
---

## 📽 Free Matinee

Monday was a free day and we also got a free ticket for the whole family to go to the Matinee, we watched __Mufasa__, the ticket was given by my workplace and apparently lots of people decided to go too, while we were in the queue I beat __God of War: Chains of Olympus__, which I mentioned on my [previous weeknotes](/blog/2025-w05-weeknotes).

Can't complain much for a free movie! I liked it more than I expected but I also saw quite a bit of flaws with it, like weird character development and kinda contradictory actions that happened on it. Not the worst movie but it would have been better if it was animated in 2D. Anyway.

## 🪛 Hardware repair

I asked a friend to give me his old joycons that didn't work anymore because they had stick drift, and I had gotten some replacement hall effect sticks to try on them. After some procrastination, I finally decided to get it done, and I had mixed results! The process was kinda tedious, with many small flex cables in the way. Despite it all, the replacement worked out! and both sticks are perfectly usable now. The only problem is that the microswitch for the R trigger fell off the board. I don't know if it could be soldered back or something, but I really didn't want to bother. Both joycons are at least usable now for games using single joycon mode or any game that doesn't need the R trigger. So, yeah, other than the cost of the replacement parts, I got free joycons now!

## 💾 A lost hard drive?

As I've been messing around with PSP ISO files and such, my SSD has started to fill up a little bit, I had a hard drive where I was keeping some other files like Linux distros and the like, but I've been unable to find it! I will keep looking for it, it's probably in some shoe box somewhere in my room, we'll see.

## 🕹 Gaming

This week was a pretty weird week when it comes to gaming, I played __World of Goo__, recommended to me by [@amin](https://polymaths.social/@amin) a while back, I started it on Tuesday, and beat it by Friday! It was a great physics based puzzle game with great writing, pretty cool level design and an excellent sountrack as well.

I was also giften a steam code for __TOEM__ an adventure game where you are given the task of taking a photo of TOEM at the top of a mountain, it was a great cozy game similar to [A Short Hike](/blog/a-short-hike), but with a very different art style and mechanics, pretty fun and short too, I completed it in a couple days.

I made some good progress with __Ys: The Oath in Felghana__ as well.

## 📕 Reading

Honestly, __Hunter x Hunter__ took a hold on me, I haven't read anything else, I'm already at volume 11 of the manga, chapter 110, the story is fantastic and the characters are all pretty cool, I really love how the plot is developing on this one, managing to subvert my expectations in very interesting ways.

This is day 16 of [#100DaysToOffload](https://100daystooffload.com)
