---
title: Week Notes W10
header: Week Notes W10
description: First week of March is over, here are my notes for it.
tags: weeknotes
permalink: /blog/2025-w10/
layout: post
date: 2025-03-09 21:38:44 -0600
host: fosstodon.org
username: joel
com_id: 114136292644027791
---

The first week of March just vanished from thin air, I guess it's because I've been practicing card magic again for some reason.

## 🔋 New battery for my PSP!

Even though my original battery still works wonderfully, I decided to replace it with an OSTENT battery that I got from AliExpress and it took like two months to get here. It's considered quite a reputable brand and it has worked well so far. I'll still keep the other one, after all, quick swapping would be neat, if I ever need to.

## ⌛ Ride on Time
I recently, finally actually listened to **Ride on Time** by Tatsuro Yamashita, the whole album and the main song itself and I have to say. That was *definitely* a ride. I was vibing to this album the whole way through and wow, just wow.

This artist does not have his music on Spotify or any digital platforms, so the only way to get a hold on his music is by exporting from Japan or, well, from other places, it's some incredible stuff. I liked City Pop and Japanese music well enough already, but this man just raised the bar, I'm actually thinking of buying the album physically, just to have it.

## ✍ Lots of blog posts of mine!

This week was quite productive when it comes to blog post output, I don't know how it happened but I guess it just did. For real though, I had quite a bit of free time at work this week so I managed to write a couple of drafts in Notepad++ and then complete them at home and publish them at night, quite happy with that!

I'm still some blog posts behind [@hyde](https://lazybear.social/@hyde) as of the writing of these weeknotes though.

## 📺 A random great anime pick

After finishing *Mashle: Magic & Muscles*, my sister and I were looking for something else to watch, she didn't want to see anything too long and while scrolling on Netflix we saw **Pluto**, with only 8 episodes. We gave it a shot and, well, that was simply incredible! The episodes are a bit longer than normal anime, but it's so good, we will definitely watch all of it!

## 🏋️ The gym is getting emptier

It's March now, and I'm still going to the gym! I started to notice less and less people are going, which means their subscriptions are being cancelled. I am quite happy I'm still strong on this, and I don't have to wait as long to use some machines now!

## 📖 Reading

I am still addicted to reading **Hunter x Hunter**, can't really say more than that. 

All of my book club finally catched up on our read of **The Expanse** series, so we will be starting book 4 soon!

## 🎮 Gaming

My main focus is still **Fire Emblem: The Blazing Blade**, I just beat chapter 27 and got some nice upgrades and story bits, I think I am close to the endgame now!

In the last dungeon of **Ys: Oath of Felghana** I reached a save point to a boss battle that seems rather challenging! I reloaded my save and decided to do some grinding and maybe try to upgrade my equipment once again, I found a new more powerful armor that should help too.

I finally returned to **Astro Boy: Omega Factor** as well, that was a bit of a letdown a while back, when I got stuck on a level filled with unavoidable obstacles that kept killing me, eventually I managed to survive and now I've been making steady progress again, with a bunch of cool boss fights!

I gave a first try to **One Step from Eden** on my laptop, the game's fun! It uses the combat of *Mega Man Battle Network*, but in a roguelite form. I am still getting used to it but I like the challenge.

I played some **UFO 50** at last, I did a match of *Pingolf*, a golfing game, and it was very fun! I still came in last place though, but I think it should be a cool challenge to tackle, for another time.

I did a single run of **Hades**, the first one of the year! I got to Elysium before I had to save and quit to do something else, haven't returned but I was liking my build so far.

**Spelunky** saw a bit of action on an evening of local co-op gaming on my Switch, it was total chaos, we kept hitting each other or wasting bombs left and right.

I kept playing some **Dicey Dungeons**, making some progress with the witch! I quite like the mechanics of that character but I accidentally got rid of a great spell and I'll probably die soon.

## Week Links

Since I got into card magic again I watched a lot of different magic videos, but this routine by Dani DaOrtiz is just incredible, just watch it please. Also the blog post about how to clean the bathroom, it's just great, it's such an adventure! Check the rest too of course

### Videos
- [One of my favorite magicians does mind blowing stuff](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5_KcQt0z-eE)
- [Meredith Witthaker talks about online security, and Signal!](https://www.youtube.com/live/AyH7zoP-JOg)
- [Some GBA Hidden Gems that seem fun](https://youtu.be/qrn0v3gSWBQ)
### Blog posts
- [How to clean the bathroom](https://anniemueller.com/posts/how-to-clean-the-bathroom)
- [Breaking up with big tech](https://thedent.net/posts/breaking-up-with-big-tech-early-wins)
- [The phone tragedy](https://crys.site/blog/2025/phone-tragedy/)

This is day 33 of [#100DaysToOffload](https://100daystooffload.com)
