---
title: Week Notes W07
header: Week Notes W07
description: A lot of notes this week, Valentine's Day, no more work from home, lots of games being played!
tags: weeknotes
permalink: /blog/2025-w07-weeknotes/
layout: post
date: 2025-02-17 20:29:21 -0600
host: fosstodon.org
username: joel
com_id: 114022959343625125
---
Welcome to my week notes! My weekly post where I write some notes about how my week went. I have to say I forgot most of it except for the gaming parts which I mentioned in my previous post, but let's give this a try anyway.

## Two work from home days!

A couple weeks back my workmate went on a work trip, which meant that I had to be on site for the whole week in case I was needed, so that happened and my boss allowed me to have an extra WFH day to use in the upcoming weeks. I did it on this one, and it was pretty nice! Work was actually quite busy too, but nothing too bad, I did game quite a bit, but I also tried to tidy up my bedroom, lots of unorganized drawers are no more!

## No more work from home days

That very same extra WFH day, me and everyone in the company was told we would no longer be allowed to work from home once a week, as usual. Apparently it is due to the low performance of multiple departments lately. It's honestly pretty annoying, and many of my workmates were complaining about it in the group chat, but what can you do?

## Valentine's Day

I didn't much this day, but I gave some gifts to some fedi friends, and I also got some gifts back! Here in Mexico this celebration is also known as Love & Friendship Day, which is less tied to romance and such things, which I like. I do still want a girlfriend sooner or later though...

Oh I also helped my dad pick a gift for mom! so that was neat, It was a Casio watch ;)

## Reading 

Yet again I've only read more **Hunter x Hunter**, a bit less chapters than before, but still going strong, I am in chapter 138 right now, and the current arc is very different from the previous one, with some new side characters and a whole new place to explore! I am looking forward to more of it.

## Gaming

I don't think I can pinpoint any game over the rest this time around. I played so many games this week! After all the setup I wrote about [in my previous post](/blog/laptop-gaming) as well as my regular games, here are some highlights.

### **Dragon Quest XI**

I completed a tournament arc of sorts and ended up going to some caves under the city. Days later, I reached the final room with a boss that I wasn't quite ready for, after some exchanges (the battle went on for 10 or so minutes) I was utterly defeated! Worst part is I was playing with friends who were waiting for me to get done to play some multiplayer stuff, so I made a fool of myself in front of everyone. I'll try again this week.

### **Dungeon Antiqua**

This is a game I started on a whim on Steam, after I realized it was possible to play it on my Anbernic RG35XX SP, the game is a merge of Wizardry and Final Fantasy, a dungeon crawler with 8-bit graphics and turn based combat. I didn't expect to like it as much as I did, but I played like 40 minutes already and I have to admit, I'm hooked. This style of game is one I hadn't tried before, but I maybe I should.
### **Dredge**

I got this game on GOG at some point, but I had not played it until this week. I was curious of how this game was, since I heard it was about fishing with some survival horror elements. So far, so good! It is quite unsettling but nothing too scary has happened yet. There is a bit of a story and mystery behind everything going on and I hope to play it more, it could be my 5th completed game this year.

### **The Legend of Heroes: Trails in the Sky FC**

I finally returned to my playthrough on my PSP. However, I also had this game on Steam, and for some reason I decided to start it again there. So I played the first 40 minutes of the game all over again, and I also resumed my quest on the PSP side of things. This game rules and all the dialogue and the world is so alive and charming, I hope I do more progress at last.

### **Batman Arkham Asylum**

Trying out some more games in my Epic games library via Heroic, I remembered I was playing this one ages ago, I decided to reinstall it and I have progressed a bit now, it's pretty fun and runs decently on my laptop, but it does have some hiccups, I might fiddle with the graphic settings a bit more.
### **TOEM**

I took my time to actually complete all of the achievements I had left, only 5 or 6 after I beat the game. It is not officially my first fully completed game on Steam!

### **Axiom Verge**

I played like 10 minutes of this just testing the game again, honestly, it's fun. I am so conflicted about this one because I feel like it could be great to have it on Switch, but given all my recent findings, I think I'll give it a shot on Steam and try to finish it there. The achievements are actually kind of a great incentive, not as great as portability, but enough.

### **Ridge Racer**

After loving this game on my PSP, I decided to play this for a bit on my laptop, after trasferring my save file, I hopped for an online race against a fellow gamer, I utterly defeated him! But yeah, I hope we can organize an 8 player online race one of these days, it would be awesome!

### **UFO 50**

A friend gifted me this one! I tried it yesterday and oh wow is it kind of awesome! It really is like having an old cheap knock-off console full of old games to try and see which ones I like, and which ones I don't. I have only tried like 5 games so far. A Pong-like, a Pac-man-like, a weird platformer with weird controls, and a metroidvania game! Don't let these one-word descriptions fool you, all those games have something unique about them, I am looking forward to trying them all! I won't rush it though, we'll see how it goes.

### **Super Mario 3D World** 

Finally! I played this with my friends once again this weekend! We completed like 4 or 5 levels and we had a blast. We also lost so many lives, but hey, who cares. There's this guy who already beat the game back in the Wii U days and he keeps winning the crown every time, we are all having fun.

### **World of Goo**

After some of my friends left, we were looking for another multiplayer co-op game and I remembered that WoG had it, I decided to start it and configure the motion controls and see how it would play! Unsurprisingly, the game was great! It felt a bit weird at first but once we figured it out, it was nice. We beat the first chapter and alos like 4 levels of the second.

### **Ys: The Oath in Felghana**

I have been levelling up for a bit, since I got a bit lost on my current dungeon, it's full of ice and breakable walls. I finally found a new save point though, so I expect a big boss battle coming up to tackle this week!

### **Mario vs Donkey Kong** 

Other than a bit of Dungeon Antiqua, my Anbernic SP has been a bit lonely, but I fired up this game to complete a few levels and use it some more. It's fun and pretty quick too, I should finish World 2 very soon.


So, yeah! this is day 20 of [#100DaysToOffload](https://100daystooffload.com).

