---
title: Free controller, paid for games, home alone - W29
header: Free controller, paid for games, home alone - W29
description: What happened between July 15 to 21, 2025. I got a free NitroDeck for my Switch, some games I bought and pre-orderd arrived too, and other things.
tags: weeknotes
permalink: /blog/2025-w29/
layout: post
date: 2025-07-21 21:26:53 -0600
host: fosstodon.org
username: joel
com_id: 114894961198137276
---

Hey, a new week is upon us, and I have managed to do quite a bit of stuff. As always, it went faster than I expected, but it wasn't too fast either. Pretty alright I'd say.

- 🎮 My CRKD NitroDeck arrived! So far so good! It's quite chonky but also pretty comfortable, I like the feel of the buttons and I used it quite a bit to play Breath of The Wild on the go. It definitely became part of my Switch whenever I bring it to my work commute.
- 📦 On Thursday, some videogames I ordered from Play Asia finally showed up, after a couple of weeks. I ordered **Signalis**, a survival horror inspired by the PS1 style of the original Resident Evil trilogy, Parasite Eve and Silent Hill. But the reason I ordered at all was **The Hundred Line: Last Defense Academy**, a videogame that I've heard a lot of praise for, mixing visual novel with tactics rpg elements and a really ambitious story with 100 endings, of various quality. Once again I had to visit the post office in person to pick up these games because the mailer couldn't find my house. They asked for my ID and I didn't have it, but I had a pdf scan and thankfully that worked, I'm glad, because it would've been a pain to not be able to get it until the next day.
- 📦 On Saturday, some videogames I pre-ordered last year finally arrived from Limited Run Games. I'm talking about **Yakuza Kiwami** and **Wizardry: Proving Grounds of the Mad Overlord**. I am looking forward to playing both, at some point when I actually chew through my Nintendo Switch backlog...
- 🛍️ This week there was a huge sale going on that made it so the Nintendo Switch 2 was almost the same price as the US, which is *already* quite expensive, but yeah the tax in my country is painful and the main thing keeping me from buying. Even so, I managed to hold on and didn't make yet another unnecessary purchase!
- 🎉 I was home alone throughout the weekend, which was pretty fun. That's how I managed to play a bunch of The Hundred Line (see gaming section!), but I also have to admit I struggled with making proper, healthy food. Still alive though.
- 🧑‍💻 I was meaning to participate in game jam, but I failed, gaming, work and procrastination, yay.
- 💪 Went to the gym last week once, and today I went too! I plan to go tomorrow as well, and try to keep it up for the rest of the year, if everything goes well. Gotta take care of what I eat as well.
- 🧪 I was invited by someone on Discord to join some Nintendo playtesting thing and it should be up soon enough, I literally know nothing about it, but I am kind of interested on checking it out, just to see what's up.

## Gaming

- **The Hundred Line: Last Defense Academy** - This game took over my life in a pretty similar way to what [1000xRESIST](/blog/1000xresist) achieved, with the extra advantage of me being home alone, it just was doomed to happen. Besides, I felt guilty about buying it when I [shouldn't buy games](/blog/games-to-beat-before-buying-more), so I started it almost immediately and... this is pretty good! It's tactics, it's a visual novel, it's point and click, but more than all, it was a huge project that became [the last hope for its development team](https://www.nintendolife.com/features/if-the-game-does-not-sell-well-we-may-be-done-its-do-or-die-for-too-kyo-games-and-the-hundred-line). The game really brings up a very interesting story, and there are apparently 100 endings to experience! We'll see how it goes. I am halfway through my first "route" and I am enjoying the intrigue and the gameplay quite a bit. I already played 21 hours in a weekend...
- **The Legend of Zelda: Breath of The Wild** - Of course that Zelda is still out there, I stopped playing it in the weekend, but I still achieved quite a bit! I finally beat the last Divine Beast and I am now ready to go to Hyrule Castle. However I am exploring other areas and trying to recover all of my memories first.
- **Portal 2 (Multiplayer)** - I played a few levels of the co-op mode and learning some of the mechanics of this game. I really need to play the original though, and the campaign of this one, some day...

## Reading

- **Nemesis Games** - Up to chapter 18. Glad I read a couple of chapters of this, going well!
- **Blue Lock** - Up to chapter 264. Turns out that this match is kind of hype, oops.

## Around the web

- [Digital gardens vs blogging: What’s the difference?](https://elizabethtai.com/2025/05/10/digital-gardens-vs-blogging-whats-the-difference) - a new blog I found! And some interesting thoughts that inspired me to write something maybe tomorrow.
- [I Don't See the Point of Smartwatches](https://kevquirk.com/blog/i-don-t-see-the-point-of-smartwatches) - just a good old ramble from Kev about what the title says.
- [I Read a Book](https://claytonerrington.com/blog/i-read-a-book) - Clayton read a book! This is great!
- [Until It Doesn’t](https://netigen.com/until-it-doesnt) - A recent discovery, came for the weeknotes, stayed for the rest. "Sometimes, darkness just passes through. Sometimes, it lingers—until it doesn’t"
- ["Efficiency, as I have discovered, is the enemy of depth."](https://analogoffice.net/2025/07/18/efficiency-as-i-have-discovered.html) - Analog Office is back, and shares some thoughts about a different blog post that is pretty awesome too.
- [Speedrunning life with a Rube Goldberg brain](https://rldane.space/speedrunning-life-with-a-rube-goldberg-brain.html) - My friend RL Dane gives some insight on his life with ADHD and also digital sketching. Give him a read!

