---
title: Weeknotes W14
header: Weeknotes W14
description: Notes from April 1st to April 7th, 2025
tags: weeknotes
permalink: /blog/2025-w14/
layout: post
date: 2025-04-07 21:39:50 -0600
host: fosstodon.org
username: joel
com_id: 114300433076297812
---

The first week of April is gone, this is insane! The year is basically over, so many things are moving so quickly, but I still have to walk one day at a time. Here are some things of note that happened this week.

- 🕹️ The Nintendo Switch 2 has been revealed. There was a lot to unpack on that Direct and lots of games that will come out at launch! I will wait for it for a bit, I am in no rush given the huge amount of games I already have in my backlog!
- 📱 I have once again removed the YouTube app from my phone, I've been using Tubular (A Newpipe fork with Sponsorblock) and cleaning up the subscriptions and time spent on YT Shorts with relative success.
- 🃏 This Sunday was mostly spent on card games, and we even tried some stranger ones. A friend had*Dutch Blitz*, which we played for a few rounds. I'm still terrible at it, but I still had fun! The highlight this time was definitely *Kemps*, which we played for hours to no end! I think 3 teams is the sweet spot for that one.
- 🎮 Some physical games I had pre-ordered last year arrived at my doorstep! *Castlevania: Dominus Collection* and *TMNT Shredder's Revenge: Ultimate Edition*, the little book that came with Castlevania was not cut straight, which is pretty funny, I am yet to open up the other one though.

## 📖 Reading

- **Cibola Burn** - I've read up to chapter 23! This book is getting *really* interesting, just like the 3 books before it from *The Expanse* series, it's kinda funny because all of my book group was kinda low on page count until we all suddenly started blasting. Some of them are already on chapter thirty something I think. It's just awesome!
- **Usogui** - I've read up to chapter 44. Baku (Usogui's just his nickname lol) finds himself betting with borrowed money now, and the current game is a combination between Old Maid and Hangman where the loser will actually get hanged, crazy stuff.

## 🕹 Gaming

This was quite a relaxing week when it comes to gaming. Other than Sunday, which I spent gaming with my friends, I managed to only focus on a single game!
- **Hollow Knight** - I've managed to make a lot of progress in this game, after some confusion regarding what to even do to reach some marked spots in the map, the game somehow opened up to me in ways I couldn't even imagine. There have been some great *Eureka!* moments that have managed to 
elevate this game even more than how I was already liking it. One of the fights I decided to engage on at last was against the *Mantis Lords*. After everything I had learned, it wasn't actually that hard, compared to the first time I tried it, like 12 in-game hours ago. It was such an elegant based purely on skill and pattern recognition, and I beat it on my second try this time. Besides that fight, I finally managed to get the map of the *Fog Canyon*, and I'm about to get the 3rd Mask needed to progress in the story of the game, if my assumption is correct. There's other places I can still go to though, I'll check around.

- **Nintendo Switch Sports** - I played some Volleyball and Badminton with my sister to spend some time, it was all I played that day too.

## Week Links

Some pretty interesting things I saw on the internet this week.

### Blog posts

- [My own Ship of Theseus post](https://rubenerd.com/my-own-post-on-the-ship-of-theseus) - very interesting post that kinda made me want to write about the reshell I did of my PSP, but it's not that big of a deal, unlike this Ruben's post!
- [YouTube Shorts Are Like Crack](https://kevquirk.com/blog/youtube-shorts-are-like-crack) - this is the nail in the coffin that made me uninstall YouTube from my phone. Shorts really are a big problem for me too!
- [Video Game Backlog Zero](https://tylersticka.com/journal/video-game-backlog-zero) - Tyler did the impossible, he completed his gaming backlog, a true inspiration for us all.
- [When blogging feels fake](https://robertbirming.com/blogging-feels-fake) - I have a response I'm working on because of this! A very interesting post, that links to another post too, rabbit holes, yay!

### Videos

The YouTube app is no longer in my phone, still, I can view it on my computer, and I use Tubular as an alternative frontend on my phone.

- [How The Polio Vaccine Destroyed Trust in Healthcare](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c-e6bjV-Wl4) - Very interesting video about the history of the polio vaccine and, well, the title says the rest, actually great stuff.
- [What Nintendo Didn't Tell Us](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b0jsFXFua_M) - Brendon from Into The Aether shares some thoughts and extra notes about the Switch 2! Fun video.
- [30 Day Dream Challenge](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iphxJqWZX1Y) - Pewds drew the dreams he had for 30 days, and shared his thoughts and interpretations of them. An interesting experiment I might try!

This is day 44 of [#100DaysToOffload](https://100daystooffload.com)
