---
title: Anime Recap 2024
header: Anime Recap 2024
description: Why did I take three months to publish this? I don't know, but now I'll talk about all the anime I watched in 2024!
tags: anime movies
permalink: /blog/anime-recap-2024/
layout: post
date: 2025-03-05 22:28:57 -0600
host: fosstodon.org
username: joel
com_id: 114113707544180000
---


For some strange reason, I took this long to realize I haven't written my Anime recap for 2024, even though it was actually quite present throughout the year, all things considered, so I guess I'll just talk about it some more.

Something that I found quite nice about this year was how we started watching anime as a family quite a bit now, my parents really like Spy x Family so, that has been a very good time.

I've also bonded with my sister a little more over watching some anime shows, it's fun to show her old and new shows and watching her reactions to how the stories and characters develop.

Anyway, let's talk about the anime I watched throughout 2024!

## Spy x Family (Season 2)


{% include img.html image='/assets/img/blogs/2025-03-05-spy-x-family-season-2.png' %}

Spy x Family is such a great show, apparently some people expected more out of it, and said that it was just more of the same thing, but honestly that's exactly why I like it. The show is filled with lots of comedy, and at the same time it has superb action and animation. It hasn't really advanced the plot that much, so many would say it's filler, but I think that the plot it's honestly just an excuse to have these characters interacting, which is what I love the most of the slice of life genre, I guess the combination with spy thriller is what set some people's expectations in a different direction, but it works for me.

Of course, this is the one anime that we watch as a family as well, and making comparisons and jokes about it is pretty funny and chaotic.

## Uncle from Another World


{% include img.html image='/assets/img/blogs/2025-03-05-uncle-from-another-world.png' %}

This is one I watched on a single morning, I think I was sick or on vacation, can't remember exactly, but it was very hilarious to me. It's about a guy who has been in a comma for years, and his nephew comes to see him once he finally wakes up. Turns out that he has been living in another world during his sleep, and has magic powers. 

The story is split in the real world, with some pretty fun slice of life shenanigans, and also via backstory, thanks to a spell that can display the memories of uncle as if it is a magic TV. His nephew and his friend then watch what happened in that other world and well, it's just so funny. 

The only caveat I have with this one is that it is kind of family friendly until it definitely isn't, nothing actually happens, it's usually just misunderstandings and accidents and such. It gets so close to being a hilarious fantasy show for everyone to enjoy, but nope. Still fun to watch if you can bear the fan service moments though.

## Frieren: Beyond Journey's End

{% include img.html image='/assets/img/blogs/2025-03-05-frieren.png' %}

Now **this** is what I'm talking about. This is fantasy at its best. Back when I read the manga, I knew it was going to be something to behold, and the anime did not disappoint. 

It is a wonderful story about the wonders of life, where we follow Frieren, a powerful elf mage, who outlives all of her party of heroes, the same heroes that defeated the Demon Lord and freed the world from it opening the way to a new era of peace. 

Many decades have passed, and the heroes are starting to become legends. She embarks on a new journey with a new group of characters under her care, and reminisces on her memories of the past, starting to understand humanity and life in a way she hasn't been able to before.

There's a lot to love here, action, thought-provoking moments, slice of life and chill stories, all the characters are absolutely great too, they have an excellent dynamic and very wholesome moments, there is a bit of back and fort between the past and the future, how history repeats itself and how life is short, yet valuable. 

Some of the best fantasy I've seen in a while, not just in anime, but in storytelling altogether. Definitely my favorite of the year.

## Dr. Stone (Seasons 1-3 & Special)

{% include img.html image='/assets/img/blogs/2025-03-05-dr-stone.png' %}

I was planning to watch this one from the start of last year, and I didn't get around to it until many months later, it was quite a big surprise to see how much it clicked for me.

This story is very much in the realm of post-apocalyptic science fiction. In one fell swoop, all of humanity, every living person in the planet, was turned to stone, including our protagonist, Senku.

Thousands of years go by, and by pure chance, the stars align and Senku returns to normal, and luckily enough, he is a scientist with complete and absolute trust in the power of science to overcome every problem. His sheer determination kept him conscious the whole time, counting every second that went by to keep track of how many years have passed. And he soon goes to work on figuring out how he managed to returned to normal.

His mission: to bring back to life every human, using the power of science to aid his quest. He manages to recreate many inventions with the resources he has available, makes new friends and does his best to figure out how everything happened to begin with.

This is such an interesting premise and its full of very strong character moments and crazy plot development, and it also has many goofy fun moments as well, I really binged the full thing, and I'm now enjoying Season 4!

## Ace of the Diamond

{% include img.html image='/assets/img/blogs/2025-03-05-ace-of-the-diamond.png' %}

This is one of those anime shows that I might end up returning to this year. It's about baseball! and the main character is actually not the best, or the luckiest, or the strongest, or anything. He's a rough diamond, and it's all about his evolution as a pitcher!

I stopped watching it after like 20 episodes, since it has like 70 or so and it's the kinda show that I think is better to watch on a weekly basis, since some episodes feel a bit filler but still quite exciting.

I may return to it this year, who knows.

## Haikyu!! (Season 1-4, The Dumpster Battle)

{% include img.html image='/assets/img/blogs/2025-03-05-haikyu.png' %}

Haikyu was a complete and absolute success in my house, everyone in watched it all in a matter of weeks, and loved every second of it, except my mom who says she doesn't like it but watched anyway.

This is one of the best sports anime I have ever seen, with a lot of emotion and fantastic characters that evolve and become friends and teammates in a really grounded manner.

Overcoming fears and challenges, practicing to be the best they can be, the tropes and themes can be kind of the traditional, but everything is really well handled and written, I even cried in multiple times, that's how good it is, I highly recommend it.

## Hajime no Ippo (The Fighting!, Boxer's Fist)

{% include img.html image='/assets/img/blogs/2025-03-05-hajime-no-ippo.png' %}

I believe Hajime no Ippo was not just yet another sports anime for me, but an awakening experience that made me realize there's still a lot I can do to better myself, regardless of my circumstances.

This anime tells the story of Ippo, a kid who gets bullied because he helps his mom on her work renting boats for fishing, so he reeks all the time and gets ridiculed for it often. After a mysterious boxer defends him from some bullies, he decides to follow on his footsteps and joins the boxing gym to fight and find his true strength.

He does everything, he runs, he trains, and he faces challenge after challenge, on his quest to become the champion of Japan in his category. This anime is full of raw emotion, inner conflicts and intense fight sequences that were rather inspiring for me. I think it was an integral part of why I finally started going to the gym again after years without doing barely any exercise.

As cringe as it sounds, I found myself running in place, shadow-boxing, tiring myself out while watching this anime at the same time. You see, I was home alone for a week, so I could just watch it at full volume after work, unbothered by anything or anyone. I watched all of it in that week, and it was glorious, I absolutely recommend it.

## Jujutsu Kaisen (Seasons 1-2, JJK 0)

{% include img.html image='/assets/img/blogs/2025-03-05-jujutsu-kaisen.png' %}

This is probably the most popular anime of the last few years, and for clear reasons, it reigned supreme among shonen manga, and it got a great studio to do its animations as well, so the fighting choreography and visuals were absolutely top-notch.

It's about a guy who ends up being the vessel of an evil sorcerer, but manages to take control of his body, joins an academy of sorcerers and exorcises curses and the like. However, as a vessel, he's deemed dangerous, and they want to execute him to get rid of him and the devil within, there's some interesting stuff going on, but I'll leave the rest for you to discover.

I watched this with my sister in a matter of weeks, and it was great! We also watched the movie and it was equally awesome. I finished reading the manga of this as well, and I think the anime really helps cut down on a lot of the explanations and walls of text the manga has, I am eagerly waiting for season 3 to come out soon.

I don't think the story is a masterpiece or anything, but it works great, and the characters are all pretty awesome both in personality and designs, it's no surprise I see them on clothes and stuff all the time.

## Delicious in Dungeon


{% include img.html image='/assets/img/blogs/2025-03-05-delicious-in-dungeon.png' %}

This was a very nice surprise, the fantasy anime that somehow managed to compete with Frieren and managed to be great on its own way!

This one has a party of characters going into a dungeon to save the protagonist's sister from a red dragon that ate her. This dungeon is enchanted, so humans inside it never truly die, they can be healed and reanimated with magic.

The entire thing is basically a Dungeons & Dragons campaign in the best sense, and the character dynamics are also great, they have some friction sometimes, but it's all handled pretty nicely. Something present in the title and in every chapter, is the use of food made from the plants and creatures found inside the dungeons, magical beasts and monsters that no regular explorer would dare to eat. Turns out, it's perfectly fine! and they end up making lots of tasty dishes and learning about the biology of the place.

It's not all fun and giggles though, there's a mystery behind it all, and once it starts to get uncovered, The story goes places. A great anime overall!

## That's it folks!

On the last second I thought "I should add banner images or something" and I did! I just used the ones in [Anilist](https://anilist.co) which were perfect for this, now this post looks kinda cool! Maybe I'll edit all my other recaps to add banners like that.

Anyway, sorry for the delay, I had already written 70% of this in January but things happen.

This is day 29 of [#100DaysToOffload](https://100daystooffload.com)
