---
title: Week Notes W15
header: Week Notes W15
description: Notes from April 8 to 14, 2025. This time I wrote my notes across every day of the week, instead of on a single sitting!
tags: weeknotes
permalink: /blog/2025-w15/
layout: post
date: 2025-04-14 16:31:17 -0600
host: fosstodon.org
username: joel
com_id: 114339763933641684
---

This is the first time I feel like writing my weeknotes throughout the week, instead of in a single day, it will be more chronological and some things mentioned earlier might have happened a few times during the week, like watching a series or whatever. Anyway, let's get started!

- 📽️ I've been really enjoying [A Goodwin TV's](https://www.youtube.com/@AGoodwinTV) YT channel lately. He is my favorite reactor to anime/shows. He is very thoughtful, seeing through the intent of the artists, analysing their reasoning and relating it to irl experiences. I started watching his *Avatar* reaction series during the pandemic, but stopped watching ages ago, now I'm watching his reaction to *Frieren*, after rediscovering him. A joy to watch and listen to.

- 😷 Mom and sister have been kinda sick lately, nothing to worry about, they still do their regular activities, but I have to take care of myself when being around them, since I don't want to get sick too.

- 🛣️ Making decisions and setting boundaries at work when it comes to my responsibilities and what other people want me to do has been somewhat difficult lately. I'm very much a "sure I can do it" kinda guy, but there are things that some people would end up blaming me for if they go wrong, and I gotta look out for myself.

- 📌 Despite this, there were many tasks I could finally cross off the to-do list and I feel a little more relaxed about it. There is a big task still pending, but it doesn't depend on me right away, we'll see how it goes.

- 📱 My phone decided to die on me, all of a sudden, it decided to get stuck in a bootloop that would not even let me access fastboot or the recovery menu. I almost gave up, but looking online, some people suggested it could be a hardware issue, where the power button is being pressed by something under it. After pressing it hard and hitting it like a broken TV remote, it stopped looping and it's fine again, for now. Gotta work on backing up my data if this keeps happening.

- ⌨  I finally updated my Anbernic handeld to [MuOS Pixie](https://muos.dev/release/current/pixie), and I also updated my Arcticons/Tokyo-Night theme to work on it!

- ☎  I missed a bunch of phone calls at work during the weekend, but thankfully it was not a big deal, still made me pretty nervous though.


## 📖 Reading 

- **Usogui** - I'm up to chapter 51 right now. One interesting aspect of this gambling is that the organization (named *Kakerou*) behind these gambling events are not concerned with cheating unless one of the participants points it out. So this relatively innoceng game of *Old Maid* was actually a battle of besting each other at cheating, and getting away with it. Also there's military weapons involved now, which is crazy stuff.
- **Cibola Burn** - I read up to chapter 31. Speaking of crazy stuff, this book just picked up the pace and it literally won't stop, a planetary threat is upon us and literally everyone is at risk. *The Expanse* just keeps on giving some incredible moments that only science fiction can provide, and I'm here for it.

## 🕹️ Gaming

- **Castlevania: Aria of Sorrow** - After getting *Castlevania Dominus Collection* last week, I decided to return to this game. I had abandoned it for ages for no real reason, and I never played it properly anyway. I returned to a save file with ~30 minutes of playtime, and we'll see how it goes!
- **Ember Knights** - Played some of it with friends, we managed to beat the final boss and roll credits on the DLC. it was pretty enjoyable especially with some of the new bosses and a new weapon that basically turns the game into a twin-stick shooter. It was fun.
- **Spelunky** - Did a couple of short runs with friends on the Switch, we are still terrible at it.
- **Craftmine** - This is Minecraft's April Fools snapshot, and it was absolutely awesome! It's basically Minecraft with meta-progression elements, where you start out in an empty "Matrix" world, and start creating worlds inside it using different modifiers that you can find, and unlocking your typical Minecraft features, like storage slots and crafting. It was total chaos playing it via LAN session with friends.

## 🔗 Week Links

### Blog posts
- [Nintendo Switch 2's GameChat](https://brainbaking.com/post/2025/04/nintendo-switch-2-gamechat) - Wouter doesn't like the new GameChat feature coming to the Switch 2, I am not as opposed to it, but I understand many of his complaints
- [Ignorance is Bliss](https://brandons-journal.com/ignorance-is-bliss) - Brendon's title is pretty self-explanatory, with everything going on in today's world, the desire to just be unaware of things is understadable, I prefer to just focus on things affecting me directly, and more positive things in general. Not living in the US helps I guess.
- [Contemplating The Online "Face"](https://brandons-journal.com/contemplating-the-online-face) - Another relatable blog post, even if this was a completely anonymous blog untied from other social platforms, I don't think I would be able to show my "true face," although I don't think anyone truly knows that face even in real life so, I think it's just normal, it's ok.
- [How the Pandemic Changed Me](https://orbitalmartian.vercel.app/blog/2025/pandemic-changed-me) - Orbital Martian has been blogging a lot lately, this post of his was quite relatable, I kind of want to write about the same topic!
- [On blogging and negativity](http://82mhz.net/posts/2025/04/on-blogging-and-negativity) - This piece by Andreas was pretty nice, I personally barely touch on negative subjects, and I wish more people did, I know people are affected differently by current events, but we we got through a pandemic, we can get through this.
- [I'm tired of dystopia fiction](https://grumpygamer.com/dystopia/) - An interesting piece written during the pandemic that I discovered on Ron's blog, it holds up well today, given the post I share above it.

## Videos

- [I made the $600 Light Phone 3 my daily driver](https://youtu.be/6Pxhj3El-5w) I loved this review of this phone I'll never get. The video is full of style! but the practicality and price of the device itself is null. Maybe I should write about digital minimalism some time.
- [It's Time to Jailbreak Your Kindle](https://youtu.be/Qtk7ERwlIAk) - I already have a Kobo (you should [jailbreak it too](https://www.mobileread.com/forums/showthread.php?t=314220)), but I still enjoyed all the homebrew stuff you can put on these, of course KOReader [which I put on my Kobo](/joelchrono.xyz/blog/kobo-clara-2e-review/) is the best of them all.
- [Maybe You Don't Need the Shiny New Thing?](https://youtu.be/vVps6shnnV0) - This video is talking about retro handhelds, but the advice holds for other things as well!
- [How to write terrible dialogue](https://youtu.be/7HCRudQeyqE) - An absolutely hilarious video sharing tips on how to make bad dialogue scenes. Very good tutorial to follow if that's what you want to do!
- [We created a Pokémon game: Super Mariomon!](https://youtu.be/2B1v94Dp1Jw) - This Pokemón romhack looks absolutely crazy, and I kind of want to get it set up on my Anbernic handheld! It should be really fun.



This is day 47 of [#100DaysToOffload](https://100daystooffload.com)
