---
title: Week Notes 25
header: Week Notes 25
description: Here are my weeknotes from June 17 to 23, 2025. I am completely immersed in 1000×RESIST, I played some card games with friends, and I also started book 5 of The Expanse.
tags: weeknotes
redirect_from: /blog/week-notes-25/
permalink: /blog/2025-w25/
layout: post
date: 2025-06-23 19:43:37 -0600
host: fosstodon.org
username: joel
com_id: 114735920979664404
---

Doing these weeknotes is sometimes boring and sometimes really fun. They are like a checklist of things to fill up, and at the same time, I pretty much get to put here whatever I want? Or, I don't know, I like doing them, and when others get inspired to do them, I am really happy! [@sotolf](https://polymaths.social/@sotolf) has been doing them more often on his website, [he did them quicker than me this time!](https://sotolf.codeberg.page/posts/this-week-25/), and has mentioned that I somehow inspire him to do them! Yay!

- ✍  I need to get it together and share the drafts I've been accumulating lately. They are just not ready yet! I am sorry [Wouter](https://brainbaking.com), my Top 25 Videogames of All Time has to wait for a bit more!
- 🏢 I really miss the times when I had one day per week to work from home, we recently lost that and I kind of missed it this week, to be honest. But well, I am still surviving.
- 🕹 Parents went out for a Friday and Saturday, which explains the amount of time I dedicated to 1000xRESIST. That game, that game is absolutely incredible, and you really, really should play it.
- 🃏 On Sunday we went out to a pool, but it rained for a bit and I didn't want to get in, however, we played a bunch of card games! We did a very fun 7-player round of *That's Not A Hat*, it was fun watching the older people in the group lose their minds when they thought this was a simple game, but ended up utterly confused by it. We also had a round of *Exploding Kittens*, and somehow my sister ended up getting 5 deactivation cards. And she still lost, to a first-timer. Lots of fun! 

## Gaming

- **1000×RESIST** - I got this game in January, after hearing all about it on [Into The Aether](https://intothecast.online), even [convincing a friend to play it](https://moddedbear.com/week-notes-9) without me having even tried it, and with my parents out for a weekend, I thought it was finally time. **I have played this game for 3 days straight**, which is around 16 hours of playtime, I am writing this during the morning, I will probably finish the game tonight, after I publish these notes. This work or art goes beyond the boundaries of what a "videogame" is. It is one of the most unique experiences I've ever had. It is so thought-provoking, so shocking, so strong and bold in its message. It's the first publication by this dev team, and the direction they took, is simply incredible. There is a lot ot things to unpack here, I will write a lot of thoughts once I'm done with it, or I might replay it immediately, to be honest.
- **Dragon Quest XI** - My weekend was consumed by 1000×RESIST, but I still played a couple of hours or so. I finally reached a city where I am not being actively persecuted or feared by the people who know who I am, so that's good. I obtained all the things I had to get and I am on my way to use them where I have to use them. For now, I have just fought enemies who get on my way and looking for chests on the way to my destination. Hearing some of the backstory about my legacy and that of my party was a welcome surprise, I am really enjoying this adventure, it feels like the end, and it's only the beginning!
- **Fullmetal Furies** - This is still a great co-op game I've been playing with my friends! We've been getting better and better at each of our jobs, I enjoy when I feel like I actually improve my skills and not just grind XP. Good stuff.
- **Super Mario 3D World** - Just doing some levels with friends too and rescued a fairy.

## Reading

- **Nemesis Games** - Finally started the fifth book of The Expanse series. Good impressions so far. It's nice to see the family again! Honestly, these characters are pretty cool. The prologue was rather interesting and these first couple chapters are actually extremely chill and cozy, I wonder what's going on, still a long way to go.
- **Yokohama Kaidashi Kikou** - I read up to chapter 63. Probably the best manga to read if you just want to reflect about life and just have a very good time doing so. Absolutely fantastic. I don't bring it up often because I want to savour every chapter and think about them every time, they are a true work of art.
- **DanDaDan** - Read up to chapter 192. Meanwhile here we have some high school students fighting against some guy that jumps around and some alien (from Alien), wearing a mini-mecha split in two, one of them's the legs and the other is the upper body, cool stuff.
- **Sakamoto Days** - Read up to chapter 212. I returned to this and had some great backstory in one of the main characters. Also, we finally know the main goal of the antagonist and there is chaos going on everywhere, but the good guys are working on it!

## Watching

- **How To Train Your Dragon 3** - This movie is one of the epitomes of Dreamworks animation, one of the best movie series I have ever had the pleasure to watch! My sister really wants to see the live action one, so she's been binging them all, and I stayed for this one the whole way, since I hadn't seen it before. Good stuff.
- **Solo Leveling** - Just more cool fights and a couple of interesting plot developments. I am just here for the animation to be honest.
- **Death Note** - Just watched episode 3, I don't know why but I vibe with randomly watching one or two episodes of this series.

## Week Links

Notice how the amount of videos I recommend here is quite small and almost offensive. That's what happens when a really good videogame captures me completely, or a book too, sometimes!

### Blog posts

- [Carving out a window](https://kayserifserif.place/posts/2025/carving-out-a-window) - A beautiful writing my Katherine Yang about languague, its representations and usage. Just a short and sweet collection of thoughts you should read right now.
- [Taking a Pause from Weeknotes](https://dearmishmash.bearblog.dev/taking-a-pause-from-weeknotes) - Sometimes you just don't feel like writing weeknotes! I think one of the things that has helped me the most is precisely this links section, I like sharing what I read. Week notes are just like a little tick-box list for me, but yeah, sometimes it gets tiring if it's the only thing you can afford to write.
- [The Beauty of Old Tech](https://sheepdev.xyz/blog/the-beauty-of-old-tech) - Jakov writes about going back to simpler times and getting some old hardware that does the job, instead of having the same distracting screen that does everything.
- [My Hometown has changed](http://82mhz.net/posts/2025/06/my-hometown-has-changed) - I live in a small city and I've been able to see some of this myself. Although my "small city" has a hundred times the population of Andreas' hometown. Whatever, I enjoyed this post! Super nostalgic.
- [I'm back to writing](https://basic.bearblog.dev/im-back-to-writing) I am happy to see Jon is back! I really liked his posts, if you're reading this, I hope you stay for a little longer!
- [How. Time. Flies.](https://barfooz.xyz/how-time-flies) - This post inspired me to write something. However, I only read the title and skipped the content, so it's not a direct response to it. I read it afterwards and it's pretty different, but I liked the experiences shared here.
- [I built myself a watch](https://www.thewkblog.com/2025/03/16/i-built-myself-a-watch) - This is an old post I found after following this blog and I really liked it! It was a very interesting process to see how you can just buy watch parts and assemble something for yourself!

### Videos

- [Can this phone cure brain rot?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TGnnirBVGX4) - I keep watching videos about minimalist phones that I will never buy, I just can't help myself tbh. I just wish someone would make a phone with the body of some Anbernic device but add a keyboard instead of game controls and we are golden, I don't care about it being thin or not. The 640x360 px screen would be enough of a burden!
- [One of the biggest bargains I've ever seen](https://youtu.be/uWfcVP8CigU) - This is just a review of a cheap watch that I ended up ordering, oops.
- [Trash Taste goes virtual](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=trplUhSm8ek) - I haven't listened to this podcast as much, but they did a special episode where they all used vtuber avatars and had ironmouse as a guest, and it was just way too funny not to give it a go!

This is day 85 of [#100DaysToOffload](https://100daystooffload.com)
