---
title: Week Notes W22
header: Week Notes W22
description: "Another week goes by, another month goes by. These are the notes from May 27 to June 2, 2025"
tags: weeknotes
permalink: /blog/2025-w22/
layout: post
date: 2025-06-02 19:39:22 -0600
host: fosstodon.org
username: joel
com_id: 114617105660241491
---

I always feel kind of weird writing my weekly notes *right after a monthly summary*, that's why I wrote a mini post yesterday about a [collage making program](/blog/how-to-create-simple-collage-images/) of all things. It had been a while since I've written about a piece of software so, yeah. Anyway, back to the notes!

✍️ I wrote a lot of blog posts this week this week, so I almost don't have a lot to say about some things that happened. Still, **feel free to check out the posts from the past week** if you want to know more about what I've been up to writing-wise.

🎨 I recently cleaned up my bedroom after changing some furniture, I relocated a bunch of stuff, and there was an old portfolio where **I found some old papers and homework** I did for middle school. Among them, there were poem drawings (calligrams), chalk art, and old graphics I used for homework reports. They were quite the trip down memory lane, and I might write about them in a separte post.

💻 Besides the desk and keyboard, **I recently bought a laptop stand too**. I didn't have enough space to rest my arms otherwise, because the desk was not deep enough. Even if it was, the laptop screen would end up too far behind. Now I can properly rest my arms and see the screen at my eye level, its a pretty fun time!

🎮 My birthday is coming up, I will not order the Nintendo Switch 2 at launch, not yet. However, **I bought some physical Switch games** from Play Asia once again. I have played plenty of games these past few months and I don't feel any guilt whatsoever about it. By the time they arrive, I will have completed like 3 games anyway, because it's Play Asia. ~~Deal with it [Amin](https://benjaminhollon.com).~~

🧑‍💻 While cleaning up my room, I also found my old laptop. I decided to turn it on just for giggles. As I opened it, the lid mechanism broke---it was already broken to begin with---and the screen got *even more* flimsy. However, I noticed it was running an old Fedora version. So, of course **I did a full upgrade from Fedora 37 to Fedora 42**, using their updater tool from the terminal. I might write a more complete post about it, but it was a pretty fun journey!

🌧️ There has been a lot of rain lately, and I pretty much have to walk on mud to get the bus stop. Thankfully, my father has been kind enough to give me a ride sometimes, so that has helped keep my shoes clean.

## Watching

**The Last of Us Season 2** - Watched the last episode, and it definitely left a sour taste in my mouth. A cliffhanger, seriously. In the game, you can keep playing. Here, I gotta wait three years or something. Ugh.

**Weak Hero** - Finished season 1 and ended up quite happy with it, I finally realized the story it was trying to tell, and I enjoyed it. The next season starts where the manhwa does, and we'll see how it goes. The first episode wasn't too bad.

**Death Note** - Started the second episode on a whim, the same kinda whim that made me watch the first one out of nowhere a few weeks ago. So far pretty good!

## Reading

**The Big Time** - Up to Chapter 9. Kinda got the story a little more so now I like it. We'll see how it keeps evolving. Wrote more thoughts on my monthly summary.

**Hunter x Hunter** - Up to Chapter 380. The new chapters finally started to grip me, it's almost like every arc of this manga is a whole different genre, and I absolutely love it.

## Gaming

**Castlevania: Aria of Sorrow** - I got a bunch of new power-ups and I feel practically invincible, I have to find the final boss or something at this point. I can turn into a bat and I am exploring every corner of the map looking for where to go, I love it.

**Dragon Quest XI S: Echoes of an Elusive Age** - Played it for like an hour, I will traverse the open sea soon, and explore more places. It should be super fun! However, this week I completed a few sidequests that were kinda wholesome, people exchanging letters and the like.

## Week Links

We got quite a bit of gaming related blog posts this time around, but I still kept some more personal and general ones to mix it up a little. I hope you enjoy!

### Blog posts

- [Ys Memoire: The Oath in Felghana](https://jefklakscodex.com/games/switch/ys-memoire-the-oath-in-felghana) - I can't believe Wouter beat me to a game I have been playing for like 5 months in a single week. But his review is pretty good! I am liking this game a lot.
- [The web != the web](https://manuelmoreale.com/the-web-the-web) - I somehow wasn't following Manual via RSS, but I corrected the mistake, and this post was quite a nice and short read. Just check the rest of his site if you haven't.
- [An Identity Crisis?](https://gabz.blog/posts/an-identity-crisis) - The neverending sense of guilt of an Apple user who doesn't wanna be trapped by the consequences of his own decisions!---I am joking here, Gabz is a cool guy :P
- [The PC Does What Nintendon't: Modding Games](https://brainbaking.com/post/2025/06/the-pc-does-what-nintendont-modding-games) - Another post from a different blog by Wouter, this time about his experience wiht videogame mods for PC, like custom levels, quality of life improvements and such.
- [An Ode to 2003](https://notes.jeddacp.com/an-ode-to-2003) - Jedda is going through some old posts of hers and sharing some insight from a modern lens. This post in particular inspires me to write about some more memories from my school days for some upcoming blog post. [I already wrote one](/blog/middle-school-bullies-and-friends) if you want to check it out, btw.
- [When you can’t decide](https://anniemueller.com/posts/when-you-cant-decide) - Annie with yet another great post inspired by her parenting experience. Just go ahead and give it a read.
- [Videogame Bosses](https://sotolf.codeberg.page/posts/videogame-bosses) -  Sotolf is back at it, I think he finally got into blogging after all these years, and I enjoy his posts about gaming stuff!
- [I make the same mistakes over and over](https://blueberrylemonade.pika.page/posts/i-make-the-same-mistakes-over-and-over) - Solving problems in the moment can lead to bigger problems in the future, leading to more frustration for your future self. A nice post to think about how to deal with all that.

### Videos

- [Was the original Halo trilogy as good as I remember?](https://youtu.be/iA607kRYzR8) - a two hours long video essay about one of the videogame franchises I haven't covered much in my posts, but it significantly marked my childhood and teenage gears.
- [Windows Was the Problem All Along](https://youtu.be/CJXp3UYj50Q) - Another video about how a handheld PC with Steam OS that I'll never even buy is better than the Windows version.
- [Why did I jailbreak my kindle and install koreader](https://youtu.be/clbsWYr99ns) - A genuinely funny video about switching to koreader. It was pretty complete and links to other resources to do this. Sadly a kindle update ruined the fun recently.
- [The Simple RetroArch guide](https://youtu.be/Jb_Bwu5Fysk) - one of the best pieces of software for emulation, and how to use it, by Tech Dweeb.
- [We've never seen Badminton courts like this](https://youtu.be/CiopS9IQOJ0) - Honestly, the badminton center by Linus Tech Tips is super amazing. The attention to detail is superb, so I liked this video.
- [Game Boy Advance: Incredible tech on just 2 AA batteries](https://youtu.be/vq_8XxKy2_0) Just a cool video about the history of the GBA, from Modern Vintage Gamer, one of my favorite channels when it comes to gaming and emulation history.

This is day 77 of [#100DaysToOffload](https://100daystooffload.com)
