---
title: Week Notes W18
header: Week Notes W18
description: Here are my notes for the week from April 29 to May 5, 2025. Also some links to interesting things I saw.
tags: weeknotes
permalink: /blog/2025-w18/
layout: post
date: 2025-05-05 21:41:24 -0600
host: fosstodon.org
username: joel
com_id: 114458894188126691
---

- 🩺 My parents went on another trip, this time for a medical check-up at another city, so I once again stayed with my sister most of the time.
- ☣️ Most nights were spent watching *The Last of Us*, so we finished Season 1 and watched the first three episodes of Season 2. It is an... interesting continuation. I enjoyed much of the first season, but the second one has made some decisions I don't quite understand, some important moments don't feel that important, some bizarre behavior by some characters is being made, I am not sure I want to keep watching, I feel like the second episode should have been the finale, and everything should be explained by the time that happens. I know the game was pretty controversial at the time, so I guess it was doomed from the start? Will keep watching.
- 👹 After that, we decided to watch *Mob Psycho 100*, first time for my sister. This show remains as amazing as I remember. The characters and the dynamic between them is great, and the action is top notch. We had a good time, we resumed from the last episodes of the first season, and we just watched the first episode of the last season! It helps that each season is just 13 or so episodes long, which is pretty manageable compared to other shows.
- 💪 I have failed you all. I did not go to the gym at all last week, I don't feel great about it, but that's the cost of staying at home to binge-watch anime with my sibling. At least I went back today though.
- 🧑‍💻 I installed a muOS update on my Anbernic handheld. It added native [Pyxel](https://github.com/kitao/pyxel) support, which meant I can now run *Dungeon Antiqua* without using a more manual method I had setup before. I also tried HDMI output and figured out Bluetooth controller support via a 3rd party app. It was very fun!

## Reading

- **Cibola Burn** - I have finished. This series has been a roller coaster time and time again, and this book did not fail to deliver. It was another great book and the series keeps being super cool to read. I am more and more curious about how the TV show handles the stuff going on in the written pages, as it just keeps being more and more difficult to imagine for me! The new characters in this one were really nice as well, many of them were secondary on previous books, so seeing them in the spotlight was rather cool.
- **DanDaDan** - Read up to chapter 183. Decided to return to this, it keeps being just as crazy as ever. There were some crazy action sequences a few chapters ago, and there are some characters that are meeting for the first time, after following separate stories, so that's pretty cool as well. I may finally return to reading this weekly, once I catch up.
- **The Space Merchants** - Read up to chapter 7. After *Cibola Burn* I returned to this, and chapter seven did a complete turn of events that completely made me get hooked on this book in one fell swoop. I can't believe I got so interested on it again.

## Gaming

- **Dragon Quest XI** - I returned to this game out of nowhere, and despite the time, it managed to reignite my love for it. After a quick summary of what happened last time, I went to that cave again and beat the big spider boss that defeated me last time. From there, the tournament arc prize I had won was taken by some old dude, who left a letter telling me to go to some ruins. From there, some huge revelations were made that just keep adding to the great twists and turns of the story. I keep thinking how it shouldn't work, how it's all following the same fantasy tropes everyone knows. But it manages to deliver everytime, it keeps being earnest about it, the characters and all, it's simply great, and that musical score... I have been captured by this world.
- **Full Metal Furies** - I'm enjoying playing this every weekend with my friends, a bit more than I did with Ember Knights. I like that the levels are hand-crafted and that each character has its own enemies to focus on, as well as abilities. The story is also surprisingly nice and the dialogues are hilarious. Just another couple hours of nice co-op beat'em up fun.
- **Final Fantasy VI** - I went back to this game and I'm in finding my way through the Sealed Gate to continue my adventure, I have died a lot of times during some puzzle-like sections where there are tons of lava and shifting platforms.
- **Astro Boy: Omega Factor** - Played a couple stages of this game after trying out Bluetooth on my anbernic device, it worked great!
- **Final Fantasy VII** - Spent a while messing around with my settings to get the analog stick working on this, I also plugged the console to my TV with an HDMI adaptor, it was actually kind of fun! Didn't actually play that much though.

## Links

This section of my week notes has become one of my favorites recently, it feels like writing mini-reviews of media I read or watched so, yeah, it's fun!

### Blog posts

- [Don't Buy Stuff](https://mtwb.blog/dont-buy-stuff) - Matt once again telling me exactly what I needed to read. In a moment of weakness, I was about to buy a videogame, but this post, and some self control, helped me avoid such a fate.
- [Turning off my instance and going on a social media hiatus](https://blog.ctms.me/posts/2025-04-30-instance-hiatus/) - Dom is going to be offline for a while, it seems. I don't blame him, I've considered doing a social media break for a little bit as well. Dom is shutting down his whole instance for a moment though, which is something I can't do unless I were to self-host.
- [My Path to Linux](https://write.as/hobbsc/my-path-to-linux) - Just a pretty nice recollection of C.M Hobbs' first steps using Linux. Floppy disks and stuff happening before I was born.
- [You should care where art comes from](https://megancarnes.blog/you-should-care-where-art-comes-from) - Some interesting thoughts about AI slop, art, content, supporting artists, and dropping those that misbehave.
- [A Secret Web](https://blog.clew.se/posts/secret-web) - Amin did a pretty in-depth writing about the internet and how a small part of it, composed by personal websites, blogrolls, webrings, etc. is not just surviving, but thriving, despite the algorithms and the slop of current times.
- [Bullying is never okay](http://82mhz.net/posts/2025/05/bullying-is-never-okay) - A recent discovery of mine, [Brandon's Journal](https://brandons-journal.com), is no longer online. Andreas share some thoughts about it, which I agree with as well.

### YouTube

- [Revisiting the Miyoo Flip](https://youtu.be/HxM0O3j95gc) - This video by Brendon is yet again making me rethink what I feel about the Miyoo Flip. However, I am plenty happy with my Anbernic SP and if I buy another clamshell device, I think it'll be the Retroid Flip 2
- [The Jellyfish Tier List](https://youtu.be/F5BBz4r-zgc) - Tier Zoo is one of my favorite channels ever, and this video with a pretty self-explanatory title, is one of my favorites as of late. I wouldn't have discovered it if it wasn't for Tubular! The YouTube algorithm hasn't recommended me this channel in ages.
- [I, Robot - more relevant than ever](https://youtu.be/O5rZ1ZYus-c) - If there's one Shorts/TikTok channel worth your time, that's Elle Cordova, she writes and acts on wonderful sketches filled with clever puns and jokes I truly enjoy. Now she did a whole hour long video about a book I haven't even read! I only watched the first 10 or so minutes which were super insightful, she had more of a conversation of the book itself, but I'll watch it once I read the book.
- [Most of these 10 sci-fi & fantasy books defied my expectations](https://youtu.be/FPc-RC7h3mQ) - I don't know what to tell you guys, I think that every time I watch one of Bookpilled's videos my brain grows larger, as well as my reading backlog.


This is day 60 of [#100DaysToOffload](https://100daystooffload.com)
