---
title: More gaming, some work, barely reading - W30
header: More gaming, some work, barely reading - W30
description: What happened between July 22 to 28, 2025. Last Defense Academy keeps being great, I got back into Blue Lock, the soccer manga, and work was a bit messy this time around.
tags: weeknotes
permalink: /blog/2025-w30/
layout: post
date: 2025-07-28 22:30:00 -0600
updated: 2025-07-29 13:20:00 -0600
host: fosstodon.org
username: joel
com_id: 114936962095247271
---

Another week goes by, and another month is about to end. I have written a few drafts that I didn't manage to complete yet, so many things to do, so little time, but well, here are some things that happened.

- 🖥️ Work was quite a mess. There have been some problems going on and the solutions proposed by some people are just bonkers. As my position is system-admin adjecent (Happy System Admin's Day btw), I keep having to try and shutdown whatever they come up with. Sometimes people have no idea how difficult it is to change even the simplest things...
- 🧹 My family had some guests and I had to clean up my bedroom with a relative amount of effort because there's an extra bed in there---yes, my space is usually invaded whenever we have guests---Honestly, it was kind of refreshing because I was starting to get a little stressed about the mess. I really need to get good at actually keeping things tidy.
- 🎮 Umm, yeah... I bought another Nintendo Switch game. This time I'm talking about a physical edition of **Soul Reaver 1 & 2 Remastered**. ~~Yes, despite already owning it on Steam~~. I've had a lot of fun gaming on my Nintendo Switch lately, so I think I will really enjoy it a lot more if I play it there. Besides, again, it really is quite the childhood game for me, so I think it's worth collecting a physical copy for it. ~~I wonder how many more times I can get away with excuses~~. This is also the first time where I try sending my package to a pick-up center where someone else receives the package for me and I retrieve it with a QR code. Kind of neat! Since I'm not always at home.
- 🎩 I had an absolutely, completely, utterly ridiculous game of *That's Not A Hat*. This card game is s goldmine of social weirdness, it's "just" a memory game, and it just keeps getting better everytime we play it. I would've thought it would get boring after the first time we played it weeks ago, but it's completely different depending on the players and the mood. I really would love getting to try this game with literally everyone, as the reactions and the interaction are so much fun.
- 🏓 We've played a lot more ping-pong lately and I think I'm getting relatively decent at it. I would absolutely get destroyed by any average amateur, but I can hold my own against the people I play with on the weekends.
- 🧱 The new Nintendo Game Boy LEGO set is something I deeply desire with all of my heart. If you think I am a decent human being, please give it to me, and I will be grateful with you forever and ever.

## Gaming

- **The Hundred Line: Last Defense Academy** - This game is quite something! it completely took over my Switch playtime once again, and it's really fun stuff! In general, I am a bit less "oh shiny new thing is the best" and more "there are some things I don't like but it's still great", which is nice. The story keeps developing in pretty crazy ways, new characters and locations have showed up, and I really enjoy the voice acting and the art. I still love the tactics and the mechanics, but I think that the difficulty hasn't progressed quite enough. I am not complaining at all, it just feels like the stakes don't feel quite there yet and the focus on it being a Visual Novel more than a Tactics RPG is now clear. Overall, it's still awesome, and I am very close to finishing my playthrough.
- **Worms W.M.D.** - A single couch multiplayer battle among friends ended with the newest, most novice of us decimating us completely because the placement of his worms was way too lucky.

## Reading

- **Blue Lock** - Read up to chapter 312. Last week I was like "ok this is kind of hype but it goes way too edgy sometimes", and I am just saying I ended up catching up to the manga after a year or so since I last gave it a read. Honestly, this was just an incredible arc, the final match of the Neo-Egoist League. And now, the story is progressing to the next big tournament. The U-20 World Cup!
- **Kingdom** - Read up to chapter 820. I've been letting this one simmer for a few months, waiting for more chapter to pile up. I decided to reread a couple previous chapters to refresh my head and now I'm back into it. Just raw military tactics and action pieces. And quite a bit of political intrigue this time around.
- **Nemesis Games** - Read up to chapter 19. Not a lot of progress, since *Blue Lock* and *Last Defense Academy* have consumed my time quite a bit!


## Around the web

Another week where I actually didn't read that many blog posts, but I still enjoyed what I managed to get to

- [The Mango Culture Shock](https://marisabel.nl/public/blog/The_Mango_Culture_Shock) - This was such a relatable post. As a Mexican, I am baffled by the pricing of fruit in Europe and even the US. Funnily enough I also briefly mentioned mangos in a chat recently. So, yeah, read this and follow Marisabel! there's a recipe at the end ;)
- [Define: Blogging](https://marisabel.nl/public/blog/Define:_Blogging) - Another one by Marisabel! This one was really really inspiring for me as well. I am working on a relatively similar post about blogging (there's always a time to write about blogging), and this was pretty great.
- [Everything is a Distribution Problem](https://www.joanwestenberg.com/p/everything-is-a-distribution-problem-ae15bf8a66f35108) - Joan is a recent discovery! And this essay is absolutely worth a read. Information, new technologies, ideas, and anything in between is useless when nobody knows it exists.
- [Visual Noise and Exhaustion](https://liveloveslay.com/2025/07/28/visual-noise-and-exhaustion/) - Brandon shares some thoughts about feeling bombarded by words and noise and advertisements and things telling him what and how to feel, things pretending to be something they aren't, and how tired of everything he seems. A good ramble.
- [hobbies and online recognition](https://blog.avas.space/online-recognition/) - Ava has been around for a while but I only followed her feed recently. This post of hers was quite relatable to me, turning what you love into a way to make a living, integrity, success and all of that. Give it a read!
- [I Want To Write More](https://orbitalmartian.vercel.app/blog/2025-07-26-write-more/) - Orbital Martian has managed to write a few blog posts these past few days, and this is one of them! Check out his website though, good stuff.

