---
title: Week Notes W21
header: Week Notes W21
description: Here are my notes for the past week, from May 20 to 26, 2025. New desk, new card game, same reading, some movies.
tags: weeknotes
permalink: /blog/2025-w21/
layout: post
date: 2025-05-26 19:40:22 -0600
host: fosstodon.org
username: joel
com_id: 114577452857074010
---

This was not a bad week at all I must say, I was very active every day, with different things showing up at work and at home, so yeah, here are some notes about it.

- 🖥️ **New desk and keyboard!** I can't stress enough how happy I am with how my setup turned out. The time spent assembling the desk and doing the manual work paid off well with the final result, I'm very happy with the keyboard too, it's my first mechanical one, but I can't really say much else, I like it.
- 💪 **I didn't go at all to the gym this week**, again. I have failed to commit. Same excuse, my parents weren't home so I'd rather get home early from work. I am definitely going agin this week.
- 🃏 **New card game!** *That's Not A Hat*, it's about exchanging gifts (represented with cards with very simple drawings, like glasses or shoes). The problem is, the cards are face down! It's a memory and bluffing game, after an exchange, you can say *"that's not a (blank)!"* Whoever is wrong, loses a point. It's surprisingly hard, but extremely fun. I kept forgetting the cards I gifted, and I almost never knew what card I had in my hand. I highly recommend it!
- 🏞️ **Went outside!** This past Saturday I catched up with some old friends, we had some tacos for lunch and we chatted for quite a while. It's nice to spend time with friends I've known since my teenage years! We had had a chance to meet months ago, but things didn't line up, so it was about time.
- 🚌 My coworker went on a **business trip** and I had the whole plant under my care. He still replied to some calls and solved issues from him side, but I still had to attend some meetings and do some troubleshooting for areas I was not very familiar with, it was nice to learn more about everything.
- 🛍 Went **shopping** for a bit! That's how I bought *That's Not A Hat*, but I also got a really cool graphic t-shirt with a cool NASA design. I also got myself my first ever Manga volume! volume 38 of Hunter x Hunter, which I haven't reached yet anyway, but I liked the art.

{% include img.html image='/assets/img/blogs/2025-05-26-new-card-game-shirt-manga-desk-and-keyboard.png' caption='New card game, shirt, manga, desk, and keyboard' %}

## 📽️ Watching

Decided to add a section for this stuff already, as I always mix it up with the regular notes and well, so I grouped everything that features video content here.

- **Karate Kid Legends** - it was very fun! With Jackie Chan and Ralph Macchio teaming up for the first time, to train Ben Wang in both Kung Fu and Miyagi-Do Karate. The movie goes way too fast in many areas, but I still enjoyed it for what it was and found the fight scenes to be really cool and well choregraphed, many of them filled with Jackie Chan's signature style. Some things could be handled better, but it entertained me.
- **Mob Psycho 100** - This is the first anime I rewatch completely from start to finish, and it makes sense, since I think that, right now, it's my favorite anime of all time. Excellent ending, excellent character development, absolutely top notch animation style. An incredible show all around.
- **The Last Of Us Season 2** - Good episode that made me feel sad about how we ended up how we did, again. It hurts guys, it hurts. Stil gotta watch the last episode though 😭
- **Weak Hero** - watched another episode, and yes, the manhwa is 100% still better than this. The drama do be drama on this one, people just react in the weirdest, most extreme ways possible to stuff that could be solved with a conversation, but well.

## 🕹️ Gaming

Fun fact, I didn't play any Nintendo Switch this week, I am actually rather surprised at this fact. But well, I am kinda happy about it! Still want to finish the games I've been playing there though.

- **Castlevania Aria of Sorrow** - I have managed to make more progress on this game! I have been exploring the castle a little more, I found a teleport room in an area I had already visited, I found some equipment, I found a cool armor set that was blocked by some environmental hazard but I used a soul skill to get past it. Enjoyable Metroidvania stuff once again!
- **Final Fantasy VI** - Decided to return to this one for some reason. I am on my way to the Sealed Gate, which seems like a pretty important place. I am in a cave filled with treacherous terrain and lava pit falls. Thankfully I think I got past the worst of it, and I've found some chests with good loot. I think I found a good rhythm for this one again.

## 📕 Reading

I read one book and two manga, which are the following:
- **The Big Time** - Up to chapter 6. I am starting to get it a bit more, it reads very weird when compared to other stuff, someone said it's almost like reading a play, and I think I agree with the sentiment.  I think I'm starting to get it a bit more. The last chapter I read and listened via the [Librivox audiobook](https://librivox.org/the-big-time-by-fritz-leiber). I might continue doing that for the rest of the book.
- **How to Grill Our Love** - Up to chapter 89. The story continues to be quite charming! I can't believe it continues to be in the spotlight for the 3rd week straight.
- **Hunter x Hunter** - Up to chapter 363. I finally decided to catch up a bit on HxH, after buying a physical volume of it. The current arc is building up to something really interesting, but the pieces still don't quite fall into place for it to get going, I think. It may be a little too much build-up at this point, but it's fine . Maybe once I get into reading it more I'll fly through it again.

## 🔗 Week Links

Quite a few blog posts were read this time around, so feel free to take a look. I you write a post you can always share it to me and I'll definitely read it, and who knows, maybe display it here?

### Blog posts

- [No more heroes](https://michal.sapka.pl/2025/no-more-heroes) - Michal reflects about how every big CEO and computer people at tech companies, no longer seem smart or worth any attention any more.
- [How Bluesky helped me bridge the gap between social media and blogging](https://www.spudart.org/blog/bluesky-and-blogging) - I don't like Bluesky that much, but I agree with using social media to share ideas, and developing them further in proper blogposts.
- [Pew Pew Pew. Die. Retry.](https://bobbyhiltz.com/posts/2025/05/shmups/index.html) - Against all odds (not that many), Bobby got into shoot 'em ups, may he rest in peace.
- [courting boredom](https://tiramisu.bearblog.dev/courting-boredom) - This post by misu was quite relatable to me. It's a stream of thoughts from reflecting on YouTube usage, to playing soccer, and the things going on while the body executes the task one seeks to achieve, getting better with practice, and making progress.
- [Old software still has value](http://82mhz.net/posts/2025/05/old-software-still-has-value) - Back in the day software just executed and worked, nowadays they wanna be online all the time and get updated all the time. So yeah, there really is no reason to change what is not broken.
- [I Visited My Old University](https://moddedbear.com/i-visited-my-old-university) - My friend JP went on a bit of a journey to the past, this was a nice post filled with memories and nostalgia. I kind of want to visit my University again for some reason.
- [Games I have Been Playing](https://sotolf.codeberg.page/posts/games-ive-been-playing) - Woah, Sotolf himself has written a new blog post, what kind of reality-bending mass-hallucination are we living on? Seriously though, good post about some fun videogames he has been playing!
- [Apathy](https://wrywriter.ca/posts/apathy) - Alexandra writes about being apathetic to certain events in the modern world, as humanity drowns in corruption, and nobody bothers to do something about it.

### Videos

- [Why is @ on your computer keyboard?](https://youtu.be/MjE03a8PGko) The question is very self-explanatory, and it was extremely necessary that I knew the answer for it.
- [How to Set Up a Notebook You’ll Actually Use](https://youtu.be/w8Ipi-MC8XM) - Did I watch this all the way through while not applying a single piece of advice from it? No you.
- [Can An Amateur Badminton Player Survive Professional Training For 1 Day?!](https://youtu.be/bKmxbywvQgE) - Linus plays Badminton, but wow is the skill difference huge on this video, kind of fun!
- [Nothing Lasts Forever](https://youtu.be/NR0KKegIsvk) - Why do all the videos I share with thought-provoking titles are actually related to handheld consoles? I don't know, but I loved this one.
- [First update from Diana (Physics Girl)](https://youtu.be/vqeIeIcDHD0) - I have followed Diana's channel for a while, and I am glad she is much better now than before, long
covid and it's side effects really, really suck.

This is day 72 of [#100DaysToOffload](https://100daystooffload.com)

