---
title: Week Notes W03
header: Week Notes W03
description: A little late again but at least it's Monday, time to share some notes of the week!
tags: weeknotes
permalink: /blog/2025-w03-weeknotes/
layout: post
date: 2025-01-20 14:43:05 -0600
host: fosstodon.org
username: joel
com_id: 113863591528479149
---

- 🪛 I ordered a PSP front plate with the intent of installing a glass panel on it (which I ordered months ago), but it didn't fit somehow so now I am going to try and return it, I am asking for a refund but I did open it up and removed the original screen so maybe they'll deny it, we'll see.
- 🧑‍ Speaking of PSP, I finally took some time to flash [ARK-4](https://github.com/PSP-Archive/ARK-4), a much more up to date and currently mantained CFW to run my legally obtained copies ISOs of games and also homebrew, it only took a couple of clicks, and it had a handy "import plugins" feature that got all my existing plugins working just fine. It has some great additions like prettier settings and a custom launcher that I might try and setup, although I love XMB too much, so maybe not.
- 💭 I've been thinking about turning my website into something a little more centralized, following the [POSSE](https://indieweb.org/POSSE) model much more, at the moment it's just a thought, I don't really want to bother setting up something to microblog here, although if you didn't know, I have a [twtxt](https://chrono.tilde.cafe/twtxt.txt) thing that I never updated.
- 📷 Completely contradicting my previous thought, I found an interesting social media app on a Discord server called [Retro](https://retro.app), that simply consists on sharing pictures to fill out every week of your daily life, you can fill out previous weeks as well, and it's all in chronological order. It's meant to be a very personal app to use with real life friends. It's not FOSS and their ToS may as well be a nightmare, but I really loved the idea of it, might try to implement it here on my weeknotes!

## Gaming

I finished...
- __I Was a Teenage Exocolonist__. I only had like 4 hours of story left and I went for it. Quite a surprising game, it lost me a little bit in the middle, but in the end I was very happy with how things went. This one is a visual novel/life sim kind of game, with a pretty self-explanatory title, however, it takes some really interesting turns that tingle my science fiction fanboy brain, good game, will review later.

I played...
- **Dragon Quest XI**. I played lots of this last week! I finally got a full party and started to get why people enjoy Dragon Quest so much. It has a very basic gameplay cycle that keeps delivering more and more! I am around 12 hours into the story now, and it's been a blast.
- **Ys: Oath of Felghana**. Speaking of very simple gameplay cycles, Ys has pretty much done the same thing, but with hack and slash combat, it's been fun and the story has been pretty intersting as well, I'm amazed at how well it plays on the PSP!
- **Fire Emblem: The Blazing Blade**. I did a couple of chapters of this one, but I am getting a little bit of decision paralysis now with so many characters I could choose to do my battles, maybe I should let some of them actually die instead of using save states.
- **Marvel SNAP**. This one is a very fun deck building game for Android that I have mentioned before some times, it is amazing and the matches are quick, also it does not have as much pay2win elements compared to many others, I recommend it!
- **Nintendo Switch Sports**. I don't know, but I started watching gameplays of Nintendo Switch Sports' Golf and I do like doing a couple online matches some times.

## Reading

I finished...

- __Abaddon's Gate__. I completely spoiled last week during my delayed weeknotes, but yeah! I really really liked this book. A whole new cast of characters (other than the protagonist), with some unique points of view. This one kept me hooked, and I enjoyed my time reading it, but I felt like a few things were happening too conviniently compared to the previous two, still loved it tho. Good book, will review later.

I read up to...

- Chapter 7 of __A Mysterious Affair at Styles__. I am going really slowly with this one, but that's because of how many games I've started playing and also because work has gotten a little serious, so I don't have as many breaks like when I did when reading Abaddon's Gate! I'm liking the mystery, and Poirot is so cool!

- Chapter 62 of __The Way of the Househusband__. Every chapter is pretty much standalone so I won't probably mention this one on my weeknotes other than to update the progress. It's super fun!
- Chapter 14 of __Uncle from Another World__. Just one more fun chapter where uncle is oblivious as to what's going on in his adventure in this fantasy world.

This is day 8 of [#100DaysToOffload](https://100daystooffload.com)
