---
title: Week Notes W17
header: Week Notes W17
description: Notes from April 22 to 28, 2025. Well that was a pretty interesting week, with family parties and other things
tags: weeknotes
permalink: /blog/2025-w17/
layout: post
date: 2025-04-29 22:35:16 -0600
host: fosstodon.org
username: joel
com_id: 114425168109165242
---

This week was a complete roller coaster of emotions, I'll just, write, about it.

- 🎂 It was my sister's birthday, she made cake, I bought the food, we all had some fun. We played card games like *Exploding Kittens*, *Cheat* and *Spoons*, and she got plenty of gifts! The case was delicious as well.
- 🔫 It was another friend's birthday, and we went to an airsoft field, and played for a while. It was my first time going to a place like that, and it was very fun and exciting. The rush of adrenaline you get is really something, I had never held an airsoft gun, it was cool. Also we got a themed shirt? so that's epic.
- 🃏 Another day we played *Oh Hell* and *Old Maid*, the latter wasn't as exciting but *Oh Hell* keeps being super cool, everyone wants to one up each other, *and there's nothing like the feeling of dropping the last, highest value card when someone else believes they won, crushing their hopes and dreams.*
- ⌚ I bought a new watch! It's actually another Casio AE-1200WH, the Casio Royale, this time it's a dark gray variant with a nylon strap I quite liked! I already wrote [a review](https://joelchrono.xyz/blog/you-only-live-twice-casio-ae1200-review/) about it if you are interested.
- 🍿 I watched the anniversary rerelease of *Star Wars Episode III: The Revenge of the Sith* at theaters, it was absolutely amazing. Listening to the immaculate score by John Williams, having an absolute blast at the lightsaber fights choreography, actually noticing details of the story and the nuance I had never seen before. The experience was great, and the Latin Spanish dub is still top notch.
- 🌐 Fosstodon is going through some rough times. The instance had problems, sure, and it had grown too much to be manageable. Despite the mistakes and missteps of the situation, I think the admins have always wanted the best for the community, and I am looking forward for the future of the instance under new leadership.

## Gaming 

- **Full Metal Furies** - This game has managed to surprise me quite a bit. We finally managed to get a whole 4-player crew together and this game just got even better! We got to beat the first big boss of the game, and uncover some fun secrets. The dialogue is actually funny as well, but translating it to my friends has proven difficult, *too many PUNS!*
- **Hollow Knight** - I played for a little bit this time, and I discovered a new area where I say some hexagonal panels, kind of like a beehive. However, the pathway was closed and I wonder if there's another way to reach it. Will keep exploring
- **Fire Emblem: Blazing Blade** - After ages, I finally returned to this game. I completed chapter 28, which was one of the most incredible moments of my life.
- **Castlevania: Aria of Sorrow** - I think I explored it for a bit throughout the week but I can't recall what I did exactly, 


## Reading

- **Cibola Burn** - Read up to chapter 47, and wow, stuff is really happening huh.
- **Hunter x Hunter** - Read up to chapter 358, so only one chapter was read after a while, there are still a lot of things being setup, it's so conspiracy-ish I like it, but there's also a lot of text to read to understand how things are standing and I have to take some time to do so.
- **Usogui** - Read up to chapter 56 - After the game of Old Maid now there are some nuclear weapons going and two dudes are fighting each other over who gets to be a better gambling referee.
- **Uncle from Another World** - Read up to chapter 18 - Uncle saved the party of heroes, they took all the credit, he tried to play a game on his Sega Saturn, didn't work out.

## Links

### Blog posts
- [FreshRSS installation and tweaks](https://james.cridland.net/blog/2025/fresh-rss-tips) - James Cridland installed FreshRSS so I can't really complain.
- [Dealing With Online Stress](https://mtwb.blog/dealing-with-online-stress/) - Matt's shares some toughts about dealing with his YouTube channel and online presence, the pressure, haters, enjoyment, and trying to find balance.
- [Post Zero of #100DaysToOffload](https://write.as/hobbsc/post-zero-of-100daystooffload?pk_campaign=rss-feed) - C.M. Hobbs has decided to take part on the #100DaysToOffload challenge, so I hope for the best on his journey towards writing more blog posts!

### YouTube
- [I installed Linux (so should you)](https://youtu.be/pVI_smLgTY0) - PewDiePie has installed Linux on his computer, and he is actually totally into it, he has done more things than I have, and I thought I knew my way around these things. At least we have no proof that he knows Vim just yet, once he does, we are done for.
- [I bought my first PSP in 2025](https://youtu.be/XuLQo1MHV1Q) - Do I really need to say more about a video? PSP in thumbnail, PSP good.
- [How I Made a Laptop from Scratch - anyon_e](https://youtu.be/fks3PBodyiE) - This is just incredible stuff, this guy just made a laptop sourcing parts and making his own PCBs and it's just amazing.

This is day 57 of [#100DaysToOffload](https://100daystooffload.com)
