---
title: Manga Recap 2024
header: Manga Recap 2024
description: Finally, my recap of all the manga I read and finished during 2024, not as many as the year before, but still good.
tags: manga
permalink: /blog/manga-recap-2024/
layout: post
date: 2025-01-18 15:12:26 -0600
host: fosstodon.org
username: joel
com_id: 113851614164643344
---

Kind of a weird way to begin this recap, but I was realizing that last year the theme I followed was "Favorite XYZ of 2023." I don't know why I just didn't keep that going, but since I already wrote my [Gaming Recap](/blog/gaming-recap-2024) and my [Reading Recap](/blog/reading-recap-2024), I guess I'll stick to this format instead.

Manga remains as one of my favorite sources of entertainment and story-telling, I can read it almost anywhere, at any time, in short bursts or for a whole day. Chapters range from 20 to 50 pages, can be read in a few minutes, they are easy to pause and resume without losing the plot, the visuals of course contribute and provide information beyond words about whatever is going on in the story, it's such a simple thing. And while comics in general are, I have found the simplicity of the black and white and the diversity of the stories in manga to be very enjoyable to me.

Although I kept up with most of the manga series I follow, I didn't complete as many as last year, since most of the current manga I read is still ongoing. Regardless, here's an overview of everything manga related!

## Completed

I can count the manga I completed with only one hand, that's quite sad, but I guess it makes sense. This year I finished a lot of manga above 100 chapters, and the previous year many series I finished were below 50 or 20 chapters in some cases, so it's all a matter of perspective! Some of the manga I completed this year was really good! while others were kinda bad and all over the place. So, let's start from the bottom.

### Creature

I took my time on this one, simply because it shifted what it was about way
too much, I could have finished it in 2023 but I lost a lot of momentum
during the last couple of volumes, until I decided to be done with it.

It starts out really interesting, with a bunch of monsters coming down from
the depths and attacking Japan, there's lots of chaos and people are trying
to survive, there's creatures of gigantic size, and swarms of smaller ones
as well, danger everywhere, people dying everywhere, fighting for survival
against impossible odds.

Somehow, it evolves into a power fantasy where the protagonist awakens some
power ranger stuff and fights the monsters, then he has a daughter, then
they make a cloning machine to make copies of him, then they clone some
other guy who goes crazy, then some cosmic horror stuff is going on with
creatures that are the size of Japan itself and then, and then, and then. I
don't know what's happening but at least its over and it was quite the trip.

From here on, I can recommend all the manga I completed! Rejoice! Now on to
the next one. 

I started it in August 25th, 2023 and completed it in August 7th, 2024.

### Remina

I read this because I wanted to check out more works by Junji Ito, and this
one seemed to tick a lot of boxes for me; it is kind of science fiction,
and it has some cosmic horror elements on it! It takes place in future
Japan, and it's about the discovery of a planet or star---can't quite
remember---that ends up coming closer and closer to Earth at a disruptive
pace. This is kept a secret for a while, but eventually the truth is
revealed, and panic kicks in.

The whole world goes crazy. An expedition is sent to intercept and explore the planet as well, and they face horrors beyond description. Remina, named after the daughter of the scientist who discovered it, became a celebrity while the planet was still far, but now people start to think they should sacrifice her to get the planet to stop. It is all a mess, mass hysteria kicks in, and a lot of other things happen, it was only 6 or so chapters long so I think it's worth a read if you can stomach the bizarre moments that are a staple of Ito's style.

I finished this one in two days, from March 15 to March 16, 2024.

### Just Listen to the Song

This one is a one-shot, about how things get taken out of proportion when people don't enjoy things for what they are and stuff. The story itself is about a guy singing a song for a girl he likes on video, the girl refuses and instead publishes the video online. From there, theories about why the video exists pop up, conspiracies about ghosts appearing on it, what happens if they play it backwards and stuff like that. It was an interesting insight on how people can go too far on such simple things, when they could just listen to the song. I completed it on May 3rd.

### Jujutsu Kaisen

I technically didn't finish this one in 2024, but it's close enough so I
would rather mention it here. I think this is a pretty good action manga
where Jujutsu sorcery is a thing and sorcerers fight evil spirits and the
like, the story is much more than that of course. The concepts is cool, and
the character design is epic, the overall plot is quite neat. However, I
had a really hard time following some of the action, and there was a lot of
lore and exposition that ruined some of the pacing for me.

I think the anime is better than the source material in this case.
Regardless, I read all of it, and I thought it was pretty entertaining. I
also read the original one-shot that would become Jujutsu Kaisen 0.

I started it on September 11th, 2024, and completed it in January 2nd, 2025

### Death Note

If you grew up during the 2000s, you definitely heard of Death Note thanks
to the anime's popularity. Every edgy teenager in school had a notebook
with the death note design, and all this time I just didn't care much about
it, however I decided to read the manga right before Christmas for some
reason, and I loved it!

The story is about LIght Yagami, an ace student who gets a strange
notebook, and any person whose name you write in it, will die. He decides
to become a paragon of justice and rid the world of criminals and evil. As
the mysterious murders continue, L, the best detective in the world,
decides to find the cuprit behind it all. This story develops in fantastic
ways, secrets are uncovered, plans are developed and the rules behind the
Death Note are uncovered. It was so gripping, I finished it in a matter of
days. Just read it, it holds up well! It does have some annoying
fan-service moments,  but other than that, it's awesome!

I also read the short stories and one-shot related to it!

I begun this one on December 24th, and completed it by the 29th.

### Monster

If Death Note seems too edgy, or even too over the top, that's fair. Before
it, I read another thrilling story full of twists and turns and with a very
different tone to it.

Monster is one of the best works I've read in the medium. I think it is
probably one of the best introductions to manga a person can have. It is
the story of a surgeon who tries to do the best and help people, be a good
person, until he chooses to save the life of a little kid, and that
decision developes into a whole conspiracy against him, where he is framed
for murder and persecuted by the police. He decides to take action to prove
his innocence, and the plot develops further.

There is a lot to love here. The characters are great, the plot is
absolutely thrilling, the revelations, the twists, the art, everything is
masterfully crafted into a story that reaches beyond what people think of
"comics but japanese".

If you are only going to read one manga in your life, Monster is among the
best choices, In fact, it's probably too good compared to lots of others,
so if you intend to read more, maybe save it for later, because it will set
the bar too high for the rest.

This one I started it on December 14, 2023, and finished it on June 24, 2024.

## New Ongoing Reads

I actually didn't really start many new series. I started JJK and Death
Note in 2024 but most of the time I kept up with manga I was already
reading. Still, there's a couple new things!

### Uncle from Another World

I had a lot of fun watching the anime of this, and I decided to give the
manga a go as well! I was laughing all the time, especially because the
protagonist is a Sega fanboy and there's lots of references that just made
me chuckle. The story itself is about a grown up guy who lived in a Fantasy
world while on a coma in the real world, and once he woke up he lives with
his nephew and shares stories of how things went, however, he is socially
inept, can't take any hint, misjudges situations and ends up in trouble all
the time, since he can use magic now, he has a spell to visualize his
memories, and his nephew always cringes at how horrific his choices were,
even if things kind of worked out in the end.

It's a total parody of the Isekai genre and I quite like it, but I haven't
continued reading it much until now in 2025, it does have some fan service
moments, but it kind of gets away with it...? Not really, but it's funny.

### Elfen Lied

I don't know why, I felt like reading something kinda dark and more mature
and I found this one, it's about a girl that has mysterious powers, and has
been locked down in some military lab. When the story starts, she manages
to escape, killing everyone in her way in gruesome ways using her
telekinetic powers, because of this, she's completely unstoppable, and
anyone who approaches her simply dies.

She ends up in the shore of some beach in Japan and some guy finds her and
decides to protect her, she apprently lost her memories of her escape. It
has some mystery and things to uncover but I stopped reading it for quite a
while, the art wasn't my cup of tea.

### Shadow Star

This is another manga that is kind of similarly dark, I found it in a
random YouTube Short (I am trying to not watch them anymore, but alas) and
the premise seemed interesting. *What if kids had Pokémon and used them for
evil?* It's not quite the same, but it's still about kids who have
creatures called shadow dragons---most of them don't look like dragons at
all---and well, they want to take control of the world and get rid of
society as we know it.

There's quite a lot of unsettling events that happen in this story. The
protagonist is one of those super optimistic ones, except that she has no
idea of the real danger she's in. Some of the situations here are really
bleak and terrifying. I kinda want to keep reading it as well, but the
pacing suffers a bit, and I don't really like the art.

## Regular reads

Last, the reads I've been following for years now, that I started before and I still read whenever a new chapter shows up. All of these are pretty good and you should check them out!

- **Kingdom**: I keep talking about Kingdom, because it really is the best of the best. This manga is absolutely fantastic. A truly epic story, fantastic characters, incredible art and thrilling military action. It is the whole package, it's majestic.
- **Frieren**: This one makes me reflect about life and how fragile it is, but it also makes me happy to be alive. I love the story here, it is charming and it also has great action moments and visuals. The characters are so wonderful and I love their dynamic, it's really good.
- **Yokohama Kaidashi Kihou**: This one is absolutely wonderful, it is a slice of life manga about an android who owns a coffee shop and lives a quiet life after catastrophe striked and most of modern civilization was lost, the remaining people just live in peace one day at a time. It's a wonderful work, filled with simple, yet toughtful moments that linger in my mind after every chapter. I don't read this one often, I don't want it to end.
- **Sakamoto Days**: This one is action, like, superb, rule of cool as it gets action. You follow a retired hitman who just wants to protect his family, and he's the best! And not only that, but all the characters are so loveable and it has genuinely heart warming moments.
- **DanDaDan**: Now that the anime came out, I read more and more of this and liked it a lot! It has great action and some crazy moments, it is totally unhinged, but it's not afraid to commit to what it starts and it some how pays off.
- **Komi Can't Communicate**: I haven't read much of Komi as of late, but when I do it remains as cute and funny as ever. I kind of lost the thread of what is going on sometimes, because there are chapters that focus on different characters and that goes on for a bit until we go back to Komi and Tadano. Still, it is nice.
- **One Punch Man**: This is still as fun as ever! But I admit I lost a lot of momentum reading it, because once I start I can't stop, and I have to wait for months for new chapters to release so I can continue bingereading them all. It's One Punch Man, you know how it is.
- **Fly Me To The Moon**: This one is a bit of a romcom manga but it has quite a bit of mystery as well, it manages to be intriguing and also rather fun, I like it!
- **Blue Lock**: This is the current sports manga I've been reading, it's just cool. It is starting to get a tiny bit repetitive at the moment, but I feel like the plot should move forward after the chapters I've been going through lately.
- **Heavenly Delusion**: This one is a fantastic mystery/science fiction/horror story that does a lot of very interesting things. I can't help but devour the chapters when I get into it. The post-apocalyptical setting, the truth behind everything, it is a very unique story in the medium.
- **How to Grill our Love**: Just another slice of life manga about a young married couple who enjoy food and cooking. It makes me hungry when I read it, and it's just kind of wholesome.
- **My Wife is from a Thousand Years Ago**: This one is actually chinese, and it's also a romcom about what the title says, except they still don't get married because she doesn't have an id, and it's China, so it's a pain to get one. Still, it makes me laugh a lot but it probably is the least good of all the ones listed here.

## Final thoughts

Overall, not too bad! It took me a while to finally publish this recap, I think I still have to do one for anime and then I'll be done, ready for the overall overview of the year. I hope it goes well

This is day 7 of [#100DaysToOffload](https://100daystooffload.com)
