---
title: Week Notes W04
header: Week Notes W04
description: Alright so, lots of notes this week! Let's see
tags: weeknotes
permalink: /blog/week-notes-w04/
layout: post
date: 2025-01-26 23:03:14 -0600
host: fosstodon.org
username: joel
com_id: 113898643186783987
---

- 🕹 I asked a friend to let me borrow his Joycons to try and fix them myself, he has had them for ages now and they don't even work properly, they got drift and the buttons are quite hard to press too, I'll give them and install Hall Effect joysticks and see what's up.
- ✍ I actually wrote like 4 different blog posts that are almost ready to publish now, I will share them later in the week, stay tuned!
- 👾 I let a little kid borrow a couple of games from me, Kirby and the Forgotten Land, and Metroid Prime Remastered. I am quite interested to know which of them will he like more, of course Kirby is the easier of the two, but we will see.
- 🪛 The front plate for my PSP I intended to mod was returned successfuly, no complaints. In the meantime a couple of other things arrived from AliExpress, like the joysticks I mentioned earlier, as well as a PSP case.

## Gaming

I have been playing a lot of Ridge Racer on my PSP for some reason, I started it just yesterday, I was terrible, I kept going, and before I realized I had completed the first 3 tours. Today I played another 3 pretty much, with many races for each, it's been awesome I love it!

Minecraft is a game that I am over with, or totally obssesed by, I played like 3 hours with friends on our shared server, exploring the Nether and going further than ever before! It has been really fun, will probably keep playing for a little bit more while the hype lasts.

And of course, I'm still loving my time with Dragon Quest XI.

## Reading

I made a bit of progress with The Murder on the Links, and I also started reading Hunter x Hunter!

Nothing much else at the moment other than the regulars.


This is day 9 of [#100DaysToOffload](https://100daystooffload.com)
