---
title: Week Notes W01
header: Week Notes W01
description: A new year is upon us, and a new week as well. Here's how things went!
tags: weeknotes
permalink: /blog/2025-w01-weeknotes/
layout: post
date: 2025-01-04 20:48:56 -0600
host: fosstodon.org
username: joel
com_id: 113773948665753276
---

- 🎉 Happy New Year y'all! I spent time with family and friends, we ate lasagna and meat and pear cake and a bunch of other food. We played some Uno and Mexican Train, we did a couple rounds of Ultimate Chicken Horse on my Switch, had a campfire outside and broke a piñata!
- 🏠 I went back to work on Monday, but I did home office! I pretty much got no calls all day so I am glad I get to save up some vacation days for pretty much free! I went to the office on Thursday and Friday, after having New Year's Day off.
- 💭 I think having to write week notes on Saturday takes some time away that could be spent on more personal or well developed articles for the blog, at the same time, I know I could write them if I wanted. Gotta keep up with my goals!
- 💪 Speaking of, I got a gym subscription now. I will start on Monday! I knooow, I knoooow, I probably could do excercise at home, but I just don't keep it up, not sure why. Everyday I get back from work and sit on a computer until dinner or watch shorts on YouTube, I realized I could just go to the gym instead and be back home by dinner so it's the same thing but at least I do something, so I will try that out. Leave your tips in the comments!
- ⏳ How does time go so fast? I've been working for a year now, and there was a time where University couldn't go any slower, and where it seemed internships were eternal, and now I've been working for a year and I still feel like a noob. The pay is good though, so I'm happy.

## Reading
I completed...
- __Jujutsu Kaisen__. Wow that was quite the trip, I think this story will be absolutely crazy once the 3rd---and probably 4th---season of the anime comes out, I really felt like the pacing and text-filled pages especially during the final 20 or so chapters were kind of annoying, the action in my head was great but the art was really kind of sloppy, I did like the end though, and I loved these characters.

I read up to...
- Chapter 195 of __Sakamoto Days__. JJK might be what's cool in anime at the moment, but I think this is truly the best action in Manga form I've seen. It follows the _rule of cool_ to the letter and gets away with it everytime. These past few chapters have been great! I caught up now.
- Chapter 5 of __The Murder on The Links__ by Agatha Christie. I'm reading this one with [@isa](https://thenighthas.me/@isa) in both physical and digital form. It is the second Poirot novel and I am liking the mystery so far! Everyone is sus.
- Chapter 1 of __Abaddon's Gate__ by James S.A. Corey. The 3rd book of the Expanse series started great, as its usual at this point. I am also reading this in both physical and digital, but also in English and Spanish! it's a pretty good translation, even though it's Spanish from Spain and not Latino and some slang is weird to read for me. On a sidenote I love the Serif font and I kind of want to install it on my Kobo.

## Gaming
I played...
- __Fire Emblem: The Blazing Blade__ and got to chapter 24, the story is going places! And I am really liking some of the new character classes I've found, it's such a great game.
- __Balatro__ for a single run, and I died in the 7th ante. It was going well but I felt very limited with the jokers I had and I got rid of one that I shouldn't have, which led to my demise.

This is day 3 of [#100DaysToOffload](https://100daystooffload.com)
