---
title: Week Notes W23
header: Week Notes W23
description: Here are my notes and media consumed from June 3 to 9, 2025! Family visits, lots of movies, completed games, and some more.
tags: weeknotes
permalink: /blog/2025-w23/
layout: post
date: 2025-06-09 21:25:54 -0600
host: fosstodon.org
username: joel
com_id: 114657125688919752
---

Ok, this week absolutely flew by, it was so fast, it was gone in an instant. Honestly, I am kind of happy, it means work is going well for me haha, or at least I am making a decent use of my time.

Anyway, despite how fast the week felt, quite a lot of stuff actually happened!

- 🫂 Family visit! My sister who studies on a different state came to visit during the vacation period. It's been pretty cool to catch up, we've managed to do many things as a family of course.
- 🃏 Of course, that includes card games! We are still having quite a blast with *That's Not A Hat*, it is such a simple premise, but we can always kill off 20 or 30 minutes playing it without problem. Just a great game that is easy to get into.
- 📱 My sister made me buy like, a whole new set of different screen protectors for all of her Apple devices, to my horror and dismay. But well, at least they have lasted for a while.
- 💻 Linuxy stuff: It's not much, but I finally decided to remove rounded corners from my Picom config, although I still have gaps in my window manager configuration! I never learn.
- 🎨 A set of stickers arrived! They are from [AntennaPod](https://antennapod.org), my podcasting app of choice, they are actually the topic of one of my [first ever blog posts!](/blog/antenna-podcasts/) Back in 2021. Oh how the time flies.

{% include img.html image='/assets/img/blogs/2025-06-09-antennapod-logo-sticker.png' caption='AntennaPod logo and mascot stickers' %}



## Watching

- **Mission Impossible: The Final Reckoning** - Ok, hear me out. This movie spends like 20 minutes saying how cool Tom Cruise is for some reason. However, the second half. Oh wow, that second half. Those are some of the most insane action sequences ever *envisioned*, like, that submarine operation was something to behold. I was on the edge of my seat. And the final action sequence, oh wow was this movie insane. It has a lot of problems, it dragged out for a long while and it has lots of exposition for some reason. But when the impossible begins to happen, it just doesn't stop. Fun movie.
- **Transformers One** - This is one of the few movies that have their own [blog post]() here, and honestly, it holds up. This is a fantastic work or animation and pretty good story-telling. This one is a must watch in my opinion, even if you hate the live action movies.
- **Fantastic Four: Rise of the Silver Surfer** - My sister is on a bit of a *Fantastic Four* frenzy, getting ready for the new movie. We watched this one and had a nice time. I actually own the DVD of it, since we got it for free in some gas station somewhere in Mexico for some reason. The visual effects are quite remarkable, Silver Surfer looks amazing to this day.
- **World War Z** - Well, I remember thinking this movie wasn't cool because the zombies were way too fast which was unrealistic. It was a bit of a guilty pleasure though, because I did like the action scenes quite a bit. Nowadays, it's quite a strange movie. I wonder if I should check out the book.
- **Solo Levelling** - I had already started this anime in the past, as I finished the manhwa ages ago (it's actually the first one I ever finished!). We started over because my siblings didn't mind watching it together, so, yeah. Quite a bloody start I gotta say.

## Gaming

I completed:

- **Ys: The Oath in Felghana** - What else can I say? Just read [my review of it](/blog/ys-the-oath-in-felghana).
- **Castlevania: Aria of Sorrow** - What else can I say? Just read [my review of it](/blog/castlevania-aria-of-sorrow).

And continued:

- **Dragon Quest XI** - The epic fantasy adventure continues. I played this game for like 6 hours during the weekend and I have gotten back into it in full. This game just executed one of the most brilliant and heart-felt side stories I have ever seen. The amount of love and care put into this work of art is something to behold. I faced one of the most challenging boss fights so far, and have managed to progress further in the story. My quest is basically Final Fantasy's "find the four crystals" plot, and it's been a joy.
- **Final Fantasy VI** - Speaking of, on this game I have been traversing the cave to reach the Sealed Gate, separating humans from espers. After reaching the gate, an unforeseen event happens, and I had to go to Vector, the Empire's capital city. However, my flying ship suffered damages, and I ended up crash-landing on a shore. After reaching the city, it is now in ruins, and chaos is abundant. Now I am heading towards the castle to see what's next.
- **Fire Emblem Blazing Blade** - I beat chapter 29, where I defended the throne from enemy attacks, I managed to keep everything in check, although I lost one of my soldiers, Orwin, to some evil magic user. I decided not to use a save state to get him back, and moved on with the story. Chapter 29x is, thankfully, a shopping level! Finally going to get some resources after like 5 chapters of battle after battle.

## Reading

- **Hunter x Hunter** - Read up to chapter 381. Ok so not as much progress this week. But that's because I wrote a lot this time, so the time wasn't spent on reading as much.
- **The Big Time** - Read up to chapter 11. Same as the above, still plan to keep reading of course! Some interesting concepts showed up this time.

## Week Links

I didn't read as many articles this time around, but here are some that called out to me.

### Blog posts

- [On Console Generations, Remakes, Reboots, and Remasters](https://toastnotes.bearblog.dev/on-console-generations-remakes-reboots-and-remasters-why-are-we-still-showing-up-for-this/) - This post is a bit ranty against remakes and such, but it does have some intersting thoughts that some people might like. It's kinda fun if a bit "old guy complains about the new" , still good though.
- [My BEARy First Anniversary](https://notes.jeddacp.com/my-beary-first-anniversary/) - Jedda has been blogging for a whole year now on bearblog.dev, and that's fantastic! She's one of my favorite bloggers of recent times. Happy Anni*bear*sary!
- [Moving On](https://minutestomidnight.co.uk/blog/moving-on/) - Simone has finally switched from Apple software to Linux all the way! Epic stuff. No complaints.
- [questioning the dedication](https://tiramisu.bearblog.dev/questioning-the-dedication) - tiramisu once again with another gem of a blog post. Wonders if keeping a record of their memories is worth it if they keep missing days to write. But the only way to get back into it, is to just write again.

### Videos

- [Baking brownies from the inside out](https://youtu.be/dXIkUkwzTQU) - Stuff Made Here continues to be one of my absolute favorite channels of all time, so when I see a new video of his on my feed, I gotta check it out.
- [Switch 2: Evolutionary (not revolutionary)](https://youtu.be/c3G-_0irJx0) - I hope Retro Game Corps makes it big with this video, he deserves it.
- [Scrolling Window Managers are my new best friend](https://youtu.be/r0JUm77inIA) - This is the frist time in years that a window manager looks actually interesting to me. I might try it out sometime soon.
- [Just Play Games on Weekends](https://youtu.be/CCufDroUlv0) - What the title of the video says. I guess that's what I do, and if you already only play single player games you are good to go as well, honestly.

This is day 80 of [#100DaysToOffload](https://100daystooffload.com)
