---
title: A ping pong table, lots of Zelda, and rain too - W28
header: A ping pong table, lots of Zelda, and rain too - W28
description: What happened between July 8 to 14, 2025. We built a ping pong table, my Casio watches arrived, I've played Zelda only, and I got stuck under the rain after work.
tags: weeknotes
permalink: /blog/2025-w28/
layout: post
date: 2025-07-14 20:17:44 -0600
host: fosstodon.org
username: joel
com_id: 114855106844992266
---

Lol, after last weeknotes saying how I would change the format and all that, I actually don't feel like typing that much today. But I wrote a couple blog posts right before doing this, which I'll finish editing later, so yeah!

- 🏓 Someone donated a kinda old ping pong table to us and some friends and me decided to assemble it. It was a bit of a mess, the quality of the wood (it wasn't real wood, but the cheap kind) didn't help and some screw holes were quite loosened up . In the end, we managed to make the table stand by itself, victory! It didn't come with a net (or we probably lost it) but we were all pretty noob and rules were not followed at all anyway, so we just had fun keeping the ball bouncing from one side to the other. The simplest of things really do bring joy to a man right?
- ⚙️ Part of my Saturday was spent setting up my old desktop to give it away to a family friend's kids. I already [wrote about it](/blog/my-old-desktop-is-no-more) but, worth mentioning it anyway.
- ⌚ The watches I ordered from Casio's website finally arrived, so I gifted them to my dad and sister, and now I can say my whole family belongs to the Casio Cult! My dad has a smart watch though so he will probably only use it sometimes, but he really liked it!
- 📦 Tracking a package sent to me that should contain a CRKD NitroDeck for my Nintendo Switch! It was given to me at no cost! I only gotta pay for half of the shipping cost, I am quite excited about it. Always happy to try more cool gadgets for my Nintendo Switch.
- 💬 Using social media quite a bit more this week. Sharing more of what happened throughout the day, especially Zelda stuff lol, but also some of the events mentioned in here! I still like to write most of it down here, because this is the place that will remain the most, and won't drown among countless other posts on Mastodon or elsewhere. 
- 🏥 My parents keep travelling to the hospital every week, it's not the best but at least it's not really for anything super worrisome. Again I went to the gym but only once, I wanted to get home early the rest of the week. I did go once at least and it felt great.
- ☎  Another day I didn't go to the gym cuz I was invited for a dinner with friends. We decided to play an online game called [Gartic Phone](https://garticphone.com), which is extremely fun in large groups as long as everyone has an internet connection. It was absolutely hilarious, and we had Korean food!
- 🌧 This has been a pretty rainy week, in fact, before I got home to finish writing this, I just spent almost two hours inside a tiendita, waiting for the rain to calm down so I could walk back home. My parents were busy so I couldn't get a ride until 2 hours later. At least I made it in one piece!

## Watching 

- **Grave of the Fireflies** - I was afraid of watching this movie, because of course I've heard about it since forever. Once it came to Netflix, I knew the time would come where I would finally sit down and give this one a watch. I saw it with my sister while my parents were out of town. You can imagine how that would go. This movie depicts the reality of war, and it's absolutely terrible. I knew what was going to happen, but that doesn't matter one bit. What a movie. Besides hugging my sister at some points, I remained locked to my seat the whole time, until the credits finished rolling, I didn't cry, and I didn't speak. We stayed there for a while in absolute silence. Everyone should give this one a watch.

- **The Blob** - this is a B-Movie from the 50s, a sci-fi thriller about an alien mass that comes to a small town and absorbs every living thing on its way. I thought it was pretty cheesy, but I did find it quite entertaining to watch, feels like comfort food. It does have a lot of talking and not so much action, but it worked for me, although some scenes were pretty unnecessary and only served to lengthen the movie, which couldn't afford to show the Blob too much given the special effects at the time.

## Reading

Barely had time to read at all this time around. The Legend of Zelda definitely took over, but I still managed to read a little bit! So, yeah.

- **Nemesis Games** - Up to chapter 14 and a half. I may focus on reading instead of gaming this coming week, but we'll see! I like it, but I'm putting my time somewhere else right now.
- **How to Grill our Love** - Up to chapter 93, a pretty comfy manga as always, super cute slice of life rom-com with food, what's not to like?
- **Blue Lock** - Up to chapter 257, hadn't read this one in ages, I think I'm growing up out of it tbh, but it seems to be finished already so I may as well complete it.

## ~~Gaming~~ Breath of the Wild

I've only played **The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild** this past week. What an incredible game. I kept exploring every place I wanted and finding cool things everywhere, I completed a lot of shrines and found a couple of memories. I also got the DLC quests and tried to complete the Trial of the Sword but failed, a lot of times, some other day haha.

I also recovered my 3rd Divine Beast, which was the lizard one at the top of Death Mountain. It was a rather simple dungeon to be honest, but getting there was the real pain, as it was both an escort mission and a stealth section. I managed to cheese my way through and completed the thing. Fireblight Ganon was quite challenging and I took my time, but once I figured out the second phase it was super simple. The Daruk power-up is not as useful as the others but has managed to keep me alive once or twice now.

## Around the web

Sorry, not a lot of browsing the web was done this time around. Sad times.

### Blog posts

- [I wish I could get into retro games](https://blueberrylemonade.pika.page/posts/i-wish-i-could-get-into-retro-games) - Kyle can't get into retro games, which makes me a bit sad, and him too! I understand where some of his trouble getting into them lie, and I hope he can figure something out!
- [Hugo (Static Site Generator) CMS: Tips and Tricks](https://www.burgeonlab.com/blog/hugo-tips-and-tricks/) - Naty got really into the Hugo static site generator lately, and she wrote some things about it you may be interested in!
- [Metroid of Persiania: The Lost Crown](https://jefklakscodex.com/games/switch/prince-of-persia-the-lost-crown/) - Wouter played my GOTY of last year! He took way less time than me, oops. But hey, check out his review in case you don't trust [mine](/blog/prince-of-persia-the-lost-crown)

### Videos

- [51 Tiny Essentials We ACTUALLY Use](https://youtu.be/x0tgdtpjnpc) - I don't watch MKBHD much but I like the dynamic of the team. This was a fun watch, I just wish that the gaming handhelds that showed up here and there actually stayed till the end
- [I Forced 3 Android Users to Switch to iPhone](https://youtu.be/1NTYtFfgatk) - Just a fun LTT video where the title explains everything, seems fun to me!
- [Barefoot Gen \| The A-Bomb Anime](https://youtu.be/pcXPYwKPqK0) - This was an interesting and short video essay about the *other* anime movie that talks about war and its consequences, Barefoot Gen.

This is day 97 of [#100DaysToOffload](https://100daystooffload.com)
