---
title: Week Notes W05
header: Week Notes W05
description: Here are my notes of how my week went! Lazier than usual, but we have ups and downs sometimes.
tags: weeknotes
permalink: /blog/2025-w05-weeknotes/
layout: post
date: 2025-02-02 14:52:20 -0600
host: fosstodon.org
username: joel
com_id: 113942127765944640
---

I'm trying a different format for my weeknotes this time! If adding a title to paragraphs about each thing that happened can be considered a different format.

## 💻 A week alone at work

My coworker went to a different plant and I had to be present the full work week in case anything happened, which it did. Thankfully it was not as stressing as other weeks have been and I managed to solve most of the problems and tasks I had to fulfill. Those I didn't weren't that serious either, so I'm quite happy with my performance.

## 🛫 (Almost) home alone

My parents took a trip too, so I stayed at home with my sister and we watched a lot of anime together every day after work, sadly that means I only went to the gym once this week. I feel a bit bad about that, but I will definitely return next week to excercise properly.

## 📺 Watching

The anime I watched with my sister was pretty cool, we finished watching **Delicious in Dungeon**, some very intense last set of episodes.

We also started **Mashle: Magic and Muscles**, a pretty fun anime where some guy with crazy strength goes to magic school, without magical powers. It's like One Punch Man but with magicians and it parodies Harry Potter quite a bit, it's a fun time, which is what matters. 

I also started to watch **Dr. Stone** season 4 by myself, only a couple episodes so far, but pretty good stuff, like previous seasons.

Another rather fun show I started watching is **Hero Inside**, a 3D animated series about kids who use comicbooks to summon superheroes to the real world. It's a kids show, but it does have a pretty unique charm to it that I didn't expect, every episode is like 15 minutes and I finished it in a couple days.

## 🕹 Gaming

I managed to do a lot of __gaming__ this past week, played **Minecraft** with friends in our server, did a bunch of progress in **God of War: Chains of Olympus** which I just beat a few hours ago. I also progressed a lot in the story of **Dragon Quest XI**, and tried the demo of **Tyrant's Realm**, a soulslike roguelike that I saw mentioned on [Wavelengths](https://wavelengths.online/posts/finally-a-dark-souls-roguelike), I won't buy it anyway, but it felt pretty good so it's definitely on the list of options to buy, after I beat more of my games.

## 📖 Reading

I finished reading **The Murder on The Links** by Agatha Christie, I really, really liked it! I found the resolution to be very satisfying, and I really like how in these books pretty much all the clues were in front of me in a very sneaky way. I am definitely enjoying these detective novels with Poirot.

I started reading **Hunter x Hunter** too, I had been interested on it for a while, and I have read like 40 chapters of it so far. Pretty interesting world and a rather neat protagonist, maybe it's a bit of a cliché, but so what?

This is day 15 of [#100DaysToOffload](https://100daystooffload.com).
