---
title: Week Notes W09
header: Week Notes W09
description: Weeknotes! Playing card games with friends, doing magic tricks and other things that happened, also, links to things I liked!
tags: weeknotes
permalink: /blog/2025-w09/
layout: post
date: 2025-03-03 19:35:26 -0600
host: fosstodon.org
username: joel
com_id: 114101658477502734
---

Yet again another week goes by, and it's March all of a sudden. Time sure goes fast when you are an adult huh. This time I managed to write 3 different blog posts between weeknotes! that must be a new record for me, I hope I can keep it up.

## 🃏 Card games weekend

On my last post I mentioned how I [played some card games](/blog/neat-card-games-for-everyone) with friends, so yeah! That was a great time! In modern society, doing activities that keep us away from phones and screens is almost taboo now, so it was nice to change it up a bit. I feel like a grandpa writing stuff like this but it really was rather refreshing and I'm glad everyone was invested on it.

## 🪄 Card magic show by me!

Having the time and willingness to flex my card magic skills is a rare sight. I always meant to use card tricks to socialize and bring joy to others, but I am too introverted to really get into performing to strangers, there were sparks here and there, but never as much as I'd like. However, being with my friends and having a deck at hand, I performed a small and impromptu magic performance, and it was quite a success!

One of my friends had never seen me doing it, so his reactions were pretty epic, It was great to watch their faces of astonishment and surprise. I feel a bit smug writing it, but it's really a great feeling when you perform something and people appreciate it. I was nervious for a bit but I think it helped the suspense, when not even I knew if things would work out. I actually messed up my last act, but managed to save it by turning it into a different effect altogether that achieved an great reaction!

## 🌐 Zen Browser is installed

It looks like Mozilla did an oopsie, and I kind of had enough of it, so I decided to install [Zen Browser](https://zen-browser.app/) once and for all, I quite like it right now, but it has not turned into the browser I open with a keybinding yet. There's a couple animations and transitions that look weird on a window manager, but other than that, I enjoy its interface and simplicity.

## 📕 Reading

As I mentioned on my monthly summary, **Hunter x Hunter** has been a complete joy for me, I think it is a shonen manga in the same way Dragon Quest XI is a turn based rpg. It has managed to do everything really, really well so, yeah, I'm a fan.

I think I only read a couple of pages of **The Space Merchants** this time, gotta get out of my reading slump!

## 🕹️ Gaming

This week I didn't play as many games as last time, but I played **Fire Emblem: The Blazing Blade** during my work commutes.

I also got into **Triangle Strategy** again, which has been fun, if a bit cutscene heavy.

I'm also doing some **Brave Story: New Traveler** here and there, however I think I hit the first dungeon where I probably should grind a bit before going in, so I'll probably deal with it this week.

Late in the week I got back into **Dicey Dungeons**, which I played briefly ages ago, back when I got my Nintendo Switch and it was super cheap on the eShop. I recently installed it on my phone and I am vibing with it much more, we'll see how it goes.

## Week Links

Oh hey! new section for the week notes? I don't know if it'll stay, but this time I felt like sharing some links of thinks I liked, maybe I'll do the same from now on, if I remember to not be lazy.

### Videos
- [God of War remake animation](https://youtu.be/-jFgHM_cWXk)
- [I just like videos about how good *The Incredibles* is](https://youtu.be/4SMBmox6ldY)
- [PewDiePie builds a computer (and he switched to Linux!)](https://youtu.be/tsu0Rw3Nqi8)

### Blog posts
- [Matt started doing monthly wrap ups](https://mtwb.blog/2025/february-wrap-up/)
- [Isa is back from a social media break](https://tahimik.com/journal/what-i-learned-from-one-month-without-social-media)
- [Brendon is learning Japanese](https://wavelengths.online/posts/how-im-learning-japanese-14-days-in)

This is day 26 of [#100DaysToOffload](https://100daystooffload.com).
