---
title: Playing too many JPRGs
header: Playing too many JPRGs
description: I am playing a variety of JRPGs at the same time on different devices so I decided to talk a bit about how I'm doing on all of them.
tags: gaming
permalink: /blog/playing-too-many-jprgs/
layout: post
date: 2025-03-01 15:02:00 -0600
host: fosstodon.org
username: joel
com_id: idcomments
---

Somehow this website has kind of turned into a gaming blog, but I'm here
for it, I guess it can't be helped so I may as well talk about some
thoughts about games and all of that stuff. For the sake of organization, I
will split the games I'm playing according to the platform I'm playing them
on, and I will only talk about games in the JRPG genre right now. I have
some things on queue that are outside that, such as Hollow Knight, but
alas, I can't write about everything.

## On Nintendo Switch: the epitome of turn based combat, and the not so
perfect tactics one.

On the Switch, the clear focus right now is **Dragon Quest XI: Echoes of an
Elusive Age**, I have zero complaints about this game, everything it has
done so far, it has done it really well, the Brittish dub acting is
charming and adds lots of personality to the characters and a certain
campiness that doesn't detract from the serious moments of the game. I
really enjoy this adventure so far, and I can tell it will be a long one,
but despite it all, I really want to see it all the way through. The game
has managed to subvert many expectations already and last time I played I
was experiencing one of those plot twist moments actually.

Last time I played it was a boss fight that I wasn't prepared for at all, I
was in some caves under a city and I skipped over most of the enemy
encounters because I was pressured by some friends to play something else.
I didn't want to exit the game since I was a bit far from a save point, so
I tried to rush it and paid the consequences. I want to return to it soon,
I just have played other things.

The second game that made a surprising comeback for me was **Triangle
Strategy**, this one is a Tactics RPG that I started ages ago after a
friend lent it to me.

I remember playing like 9 hours of it in a single session. However, it was
really heavy on the story side of things, and I kind of expected to have
more battles more often. I returned to it last week, played like 3 hours
and went through dozens of cutscenes because why not.

I only played a couple of battles since then. However I have to admit that
some of the new characters have managed to add some really nice variety to
the gameplay and strategy, and I am excited for more fights to come.

What is stopping me right now from continuing the game is that each battles
has a "Recommended Level" to play it as, and I am behind by 2 whole levels
on most of my party. This is a game where you just go from battle to battle
and there shouldn't be that much of a focus on grinding. The game has mock
battles that you can repeat to level up, but I can't help but question why
is it needed at all, and so convoluted to access too?

## On my Anbernic SP, tactics that just work, masterpieces of the genre,
and that one indie dungeon crawler

The SP has been pretty much relegated to **Fire Emblem: The Blazing Blade**
as of late. It's a game I can play for a long while without worrying too
much about losing the thread of the plot, and thanks to the form factor I
can open the SP, play a couple of turns and then close it up to do
something else.

The gameplay of Fire Emblem is simpler than Triangle's, but the scale of
the battles and the variety of the enemies is quite huge. The game is a
strong showcase of why Fire Emblem has become such a defining name in the
genre. The pixel art animations are a pleasure to witness everytime,
especially those critial hits, they are so satisfying!

I was a bit stuck on chapter 26x, that introduced a status effect I didn't
know how to counter, but after changing some equipment I had no problems to
beat it!

My biggest problem is usually choosing who to fight with and setting up all
of the equipment for each character. I will sometimes forget to give them
healing items and end up restarting a battle because of it. Also shops can
only be accessed during actual battles in towns in the map. Despite the
annoyance, I think it's quite an interesting mechanic, and I've managed to
make progress, so I'm fine with it, but the last few battles have been in
areas without shops around, not great but manageable.

The game I have failed to make any advances on is of course **Final Fantasy
VI**. At some point I started following a guide to get a character to join
my party, and I read a couple of extra things and realized I could unlock
some equipment, find some chests and that kind of stuff. I also realized
there was this character who can unlock certain attacks by going to certain
places, and my completionist side got the better of me and I ended up with
decision paralysis. At this point I think I will just *not* use that
character and focus on my more traditional party instead. I have already
played the part where I'm at! It's OK to miss out on things, I need to get
that drilled into my head and just keep playing.

Another game that is pretty much dead right now is **Final Fantasy VII**, I
was having a a really nice run, months ago, where I got to Rocket Town and
saw lots of story bits that I enjoyed, then I had to escape, and now I am
once again in the overworld with no idea of where to go. I tried a certain
route where I was handicapped in a pretty negative way, I reloaded a save
file and went a different direction, except that I don't know what
direction was that and I have been a little confused. Decision paralysis
fell upon me yet again.

One last, slightly unexpected surprise to add here was **Dungeon Antiqua**.
This is a game I acquired on Steam for a super cheap price, and I saw
recommended as an introduction ino the Dungeon Crawler genre, merging
Wizardry and Final Fantasy with an 8-bit style and gameplay. Still, it's
filled with QOL features like auto-save after every battle and the like,
but still difficult and interesting to play.

I love how simple it is, I just go down a dungeon, find treasures and fight
until I can't anymore, maybe level up a couple times, go back, heal, revive
dead party members, buy better equipment, go down again and keep on
exploring! It's a super simple loop but the only reason I haven't played
more of it is because I have chosen Fire Emblem more often than it. Since
it's a python game for PC, shutdown and resumre is not available either, so
I have to start up the game everytime, it's super fast to boot, but it's
enough friction for me to not choose it first.

## On my PSP, the ideal action rpg, the beginnings of a legend, and the
unknown one that's actually decent.

One of my favorites of the year so far is **Ys: The Oath in Felghana**, the
Ys franchise in general won my respect with **Ys Seven** a couple years
back, and playing this entry, a remake of the 3rd Ys game, has been a
complete joy. The game simply does *everything* right, it is an action RPG
with simple sword combat and magic attacks, with a moveset that borrows
some elements from the Metroidvania genre, but with a simpler progression
where it's hard to get lost. It has all of the quality of life features one
might need, like teleports to save points, loading saves, lowering boss
battle difficulty and a decent journal function to know what you were doing
last time and where to go next. I can hardly find any flaws with it.

Maybe the biggest annoyance right now, is the slight amount of grinding
that might be needed to beat a boss fight. You can of course change the
difficulty, but if you do it much then the regular enemies will become too
strong later on, and changing the overall difficulty of the game is not an
option, so that's a bit annoying.

This is actually the reason I'm having a slightly hard time right now, I am
in the final dungeon and the enemies deal and absorb a ton of damage, but
it really is not a big deal, there's plenty of areas to farm a bit and
level up, and money to be made to upgrade the equipment I got! I'll beat it
eventually.

The second JRPG I'm playing on PSP is another all-timer, **The Legend of
Heroes: Trails in the Sky** is a game I returned to last week and that has
been a complete joy to play for the most part, I love that all enemies are
visible in the map so I can avoid conflicts by being careful on where I
move, the story is great, the quest system is pretty good and the only
thing I'm having some problems with is the same as FFVI's, I decided to
look up a guide, realized there were things I was missing, and kind of fell
into decision paralysis between continuing the main story, finishing those
side quests, or even returning to an older save file to do stuff I missed.
I don't know why do I even consider that, if only I hadn't looked up a
guide!

I will eventually move on and keep playing, it's still super fun!

Finally, out of nowhere as mentioned in my last week notes, I started
**Brave Story: New Traveler**, it got a small shout out in one episode of
**Into The Aether** and I couldn't help myself, I installed it and played
like 1 hour and a half that day. It uses a traditional turn based combat
system but it does a couple neat things like team combo attacks and hitting
twice in a single turn, those two additions have proven to be pretty fun to
pull off and I am also liking the story and writing, it's kinda charming
and a bit campy, but it's fun.

The animations are quite awesome too, that's something I like about PSP
games in general, they have a certain look to them that I have started to
appreciate more even now that I have a Nintendo Switch to compare it to.

## Other games I'll probably just start from scratch

**Pokemon Unbound** is fun, but has proven to be a bit too much for what I
want, I plan to instead play **Pokemon Emerald Legacy**, probably once I'm
done with *Blazing Blade*.

Every other PS1 JRPG I've played, like **Parasite Eve** or **Xenogears** or
anything I haven't mentioned here, I'll probably start over, I either
forgot the story, lost the save file or don't mind restarting and making
better choices on them! The only one I feel conflicted about is **Suikoden
II**, since I played quite a bit of it, but the remakes coming soon will
probably get me to starting over anyway.

This is day of [#100DaysToOffload](https://100daystooffload.com)
